Morty loved to test Rick's patients. He was constantly trying to see how far he could go, whatever it is. He would try to pry at Rick, the rules were simple; not to go in the garage while he wasn't there, not to touch the portal gun, and don't touch Rick's alcohol. Morty knew what he could do and what he couldn't, but he wanted to bend some boundaries.

Morty would try to look for loopholes in his grandfather's warnings, he wouldn't tread around these things lightly either he would look for a reason, any reason to betray his trust. Whether it was for attention or just to be a pain in the ass, Morty didn't know nor did he really care. But Rick had a limit, sure he was nicer than most Ricks, but he still had buttons and Morty, well Morty was pressing them.

It was a rainy night, when Rick was checking the liquid fuel gauges on the ship, his ship was his pride and joy, he even put a sticker with his dimension number on it '2649A', During his and Morty's adventure that day the light saying the tank was low came on nearly detracting him. Just as Rick finished and rested in his swivel chair, he heard a soft clink from the living room. It was three in the morning, Rick knew that he still had an hour and a half before Beth would get up for work. Thinking it might be Jerry, he took a swig from his flask, but Jerry was on a 'business trip'. Okay he was told to sleep outside for upsetting Beth earlier that day, but still.

He lastly debated his odds with Summer who might have finally come home late from a party. But he knew how Summer acted after a long night of alcohol. He sighed slightly knowing who it was, pulling himself off his chair and forcing himself over to the door, he glanced out into the darkness of the house, seeing a slight glow from the television.

“MMorty, wURPhat are yyou doing?” He growled out into the darkness. He heard a soft squeak from the living room, followed by the television light flash off. Rick waited, listening to the rain pick up outside. Standing in the doorway of the garage, letting his eyes adjust to the black void, slowly he began to get annoyed. “I asked yyou a qq I asked you what you wwere doing, Morty.” He hissed out. “Llast chance, Morty.” The only thing that lit up the still darkness was a blinding flash from the lightening outside, then the dark settled back over the house returning dormant he took long swig from his flask, silently making his way through the kitchen to the living room.

Walking around the couch, as he expected, he saw the small teen curled up on the sofa, eyes clenched shut, he looked as if he was trying to dissolve into the cushions, Rick rolled his eyes about to turn back to the garage, until he noticed the small brown glass bottle clenched between the teen's arms. His anger began to rise again. “Ddamn it you little shit, hURP how many times do I have to ttell you not not to touch my fucking sstuff!” The scientist whisperyelled at the teen. Grabbing the bottle and setting it on the coffee table, Morty opened his eyes to meet his grandfather's gaze. Morty being Morty decided it would be a good idea to look innocent, trying to win the last bit of sympathy Rick might have had.

“Aww JJeez, Rick II jusjust wanted to ttry it like yyou, mommy, aand Summer.” He said with a naïve smile. Rick placed a hand to his head, it was late, he had a long day and just wanted some peace before the family got up.
“Ggo to bed, Morty, mamaybe when yoyou're olURPder."
“How ababout now, I mmean the ffamily is still ssleeping aaand I don't normally get t”
“Bed!” Rick stated trying to end the conversation, and retain his dominance, he looked at the now blushing teen.

'What the hell?' He thought as Morty bit his lip. Letting the connection sink in a bit. He started to wonder if Morty was just trying to get on his nerves, or if it was something more.

"Morty” Rick growled out softer, watching the teen shiver a little.
"Nno, I dodon't have to listen to to you, I I”
“Summer, ccould get home any minute, aaand your mmother, your mommy, could come ddown the stairs any sEUPecond, do you really want to try me?” Rick asked draining his flask, “Do you?” another blinding flash of lightening lit up the house.

“Wwhatever, Rick, it's nonot like you aactually care.” Morty huffed pulling himself to his feet. He turned to the stairs, walking a bit before pausing. He turned back to Rick, seeming if he was debating something to say. His cheeks turned a slight red and his hands began to shake.
“Go, Morty, II'm tired of loolooking at you.”

Whatever Morty wanted to say must have been lost in the void of all his unspoken thoughts. The blush on his cheeks quickly disappeared replacing the rosey colour with his creamy one.
“Ffuck you, Rick! Mmaybe I jjust want tto be llike you aand...” Rick quickly closed the space between himself and Morty.
“Wwhy would you want toto be like mURPe? I'm nonot a ggood role momodel”
“Of cocourse because wwhen you aact like this yyou're just aaa you're just an asshole!”

Rick asked grabbing Morty's pajama shirt pulling him back to the couch. His anger seemed to spike.
“Youyou're drunk. I'm ggoing to bed.” Morty stated trying to pull away but Rick already sat down, he pulled the teen over his lap.

“Wwhat are yo you doing, RRick I sasaid I'm ggoing to bebed!” Morty rushed out in a panic, he felt his boxers be pulled down to rest on his thighs. Morty felt his anxiety spike. He trashed away only to feel one of Rick's callused hands pushing on his back to keep him in place.
“Oobviously, Morty, MoMommy never taught you, hhow to respect yyour elders.”
"Wwhat the hehell does tth”

Thwack!

Morty let out a yelp as an unsuspected hand hit hard against his bottom. He felt a jolt of pain rush through his buttocks, and right to his cock sending it a wave of slight pleasure. While at the same time his cock rubbed against Ricks clothed thigh, sending another way in his cock.

Thwack!

Morty let out a whine this time,
"Pplease, STOP!" Morty tried to spit out, but it came out as a soft and needy moan.
"But, BBaby if I sstop how will yyou ever learn?" Morty tried to crawl out of Rick's grasp, another smack landed on his cheeks. Another jolt went to his cock. It felt as if all the blood in his body rushed straight to his cock, he felt slightly dizzy, more smacks landed on his buttocks turning the normally creamy and soft flesh, into red and blistered heating up after each hit.

Rick smiled to himself watching the small teen completely break under him, he wasn't prepared for Morty to be so willing and accept his punishment. He thought he was going to have to hold teen down, and maybe even get his belt involved. He was kinda disappointed that Morty was taking it so well.

"Yyou like this, bababy?" Rick chuckled out as he rested a hand on Morty's right cheek.
"Ssuch a goURPod little baby boy for GGrandpa. Taking it soo gg taking it like a champ." Rick whispered into the teen's ear softly, the scent of alcohol drifting to Morty's nose. Morty's soft whimpers into Rick's pants leg, made Rick's cock twitch. He placed another smack on Morty. Letting Morty's cock run against his thigh.

Morty rolled his hips forward to get more friction from Rick's thighs.
"Nno, this is your punishment, bad bURPoys don't get to feel gogood." Rick stated running a hand through Morty's damp curls. He whimpered for more, almost begging for it.

As Rick was about to smack Morty's buttocks again he heard the front door open, Summer drunkenly made her way through the door almost tripping over herself knocking over a few pictures off the walls, both males could hear the glass shatter, a soft groin came from the stairs. It seemed the storm outside had finally passed, Rick pushed Morty off of him.
"Ffix yourself, Your momom will be ddown soon, I want I hope you lelearn your lesson." Rick grabbed the bottle of beer off the coffee table before turning to the garage. Leaving the horny teen on the floor confused and wanting.


Morty winced as he sat on his bed, it's been about two or three days since the spanking Rick gave him, and his buttocks still felt sore. No matter what he did he couldn't stop thinking about how horny it made him, not even his fantasies about Jessica made him feel the way his Grandfather did. Laying on his bed and sighing to himself he felt the need to get to know himself. Closing his eyes Morty tried to imagine Jessica's soft brown eyes looking up at him, how she would kiss down his belly, until she reached his cock. He bit his lip, he tried to image Jessica taking it in her mouth and sucking it. He pulled his cock out of his pants, he licked his hand, and started palming it. Using his other hand he softly began pinching his balls. He imagined how Jessica would wrap her soft tongue around his balls, and nibble at them slightly.

Morty always wanted to convince himself he was normal, and the image of Jessica sucking him off seemed pretty normal, until the image in his mind disappeared. He couldn't image Jessica anymore, and he was fearing it would transform into his grandfather. Again.

The only way he could think of to hide the thought, was to pull his laptop out from under the bed, and fire up trusty ol' Rubhub.TV. Mort looked through many videos of poorly acted porn plots, one involving a STEPbrother and his STEPsister, killing the taboo instantly for Morty. He felt his halfchubbed cock slowly becoming flaccid. He was about to give up before his door slammed open.

“Hhey, MoMorty I ne” he stopped as he saw his grandson sprawled out on his bed, cock in hand. “MMorty yoyou, little whore.” Rick laughed at the teen. Morty blushed grabbing the blanket, he bit his tongue cringing at the insult.
“Aw Jeez, Rick, ccan you plplease leave meme alone, maybe you ccan go bug ddad? Ooor ask Summer to hehelp you.” Mort stammered out trying to cover himself out of embarrassment. Rick swaying slightly, clearly intoxicated, stepped into the room locking the door behind him. Morty whimpered as his anxiety spiked, having to calm himself down as Rick fumbled with his lab coat pulling out his flask before throwing the coat on the floor, he drained the whiskey in one gulp before throwing the flask on top of the coat. Unable to completely understand Rick's intentions, Morty closed his laptop and pushed it back under his bed as Rick closed the space between them. Morty pushed himself to the backboard, curling up on himself.

“Ddont be scared oof me, bbab Sweetie, II sURPee you hhave an issue, just let Grandpa ttake care of yoyou.” Rick whispered climbing over Morty who was now shivering under the blanket. He didn't know how to react, his grandfather never acted this was before, but after the night he got his 'punishment' from Rick it made him feel as if, as if he was drawn towards the older male.

Speaking of Rick, he pulled the blanket off of Morty and ground his still clothed crotch on the smaller naked one. Making a flame light up in Morty's groin. He wanted to touch it, he tried reaching for it only to get his hands forcefully held above his head, resting on the pillow. “No, nno, no not yeyet, SweURPetie.” Rick lowered himself on the teens cock again gentle grinding his hips up and down forcing the rough material to rub against Morty's sensitive tip.

“Yoyou like that don't you, I bet yoyou love your old grandpa grgrinding against you, huh bababe?” Rick whispered softly into the teen's ear, hot and needing. “Grandpa's gogonna make you ccum, baby, Grandpa's gonURPna make it so gogood for you, that you clclaw into his bback with those little hands and bbeg for release.” He again rolled his hips hard against Morty's little cock, making his member harder. Morty whimpered softly into his grandfather's neck as Rick leaned down to bite at Morty's ear lobe.

“What do you wwant your grgrandpa to do to you? Tell me bbaby.” Morty bit his lip he had no idea how to respond to the drunks ramblings. He began to notice a slight pain in his neck as Rick started nibbling and sucking at his creamy skin, trying to encourage some sort of response from the teen. The nips on his neck turned into full bites surely leaving teeth marks. Morty rolled his hips forward to get the friction of ricks slacks against his cock.

“Come on, babe, grangrandpa wants to knknow what yyou want him to do to yoURPu.” Rick mumbled as he licked his bite marks claiming the flesh. “Gogod you look so hot and bobothered.” He growled.

"Ii want yyyyou to, make mmme feel nice." Morty tried to whisper so Rick couldn't hear him.
"GrGrandpa wawants to know how ththough, Sweetie."
"II want yyou to rrub me aaaand bite mme, aand call me tthose nice nnames." Morty looked away towards his wall if it wasn't for the lust in his grandfathers gaze he would have thought he messed up. Said something wrong. Rick didn't respond right away, he didn't move either. It felt like an eternity, he stopped rolling his hips, and he stopped biting Morty's neck. He removed his hands from the teens wrists and sat up on his knees.

"Yyou want to be gragrandpas little fufuck doll, ey Morty? You wwant Grandpa to make you scrscream his name as yoyou cum all oover yourself?" He said softly. His tone was serious asking the teen if he really wanted to play with this fire. "If yoyou don't, baURPbe, grgrandpa will leave, hehere and now, we'll go baback to our adventures as if nnothing haphappened." He looked into Morty's soft eyes. Morty swallowed the build up saliva he had in his mouth.

"II wawouwant to bbe gragrand your..." He paused before swallowing again this time dryly. He said the sentence slowly trying his best not to stutter. "I want to be, ggrandpa's 'little fufuck doll'." He said covering his face with his hands. He heard an approving growl from the older man above him.

"Morty, llook at me." The teen obeyed looking up at the elder. "IIf I start I won’t sstop. Yoyou can't puspussy out when I'm halfway ththrough." Rick warned, Morty knew his grandpa was worried about him and how he might hurt him.

Morty was too lost in lust to care he wanted his cock touched. All he could do was nod, he didn't want to talk he just wanted to feel good, and listen to Rick's sweet nothings. Rick rubbed the boys curls.
"Gogood boy." Rick whispered softly. He started grinding again the boys cock again.

"Yyou like iit when gragrandpa calls yyou nice nanames, Sweetie? My spespeci precious little pepeanut." Rick whispered softly into the teen's ear. Biting down gently on his ear again. Morty's face lit up "Herhermosa. me perperteneces, eres mmio." He mumbled before siting up Morty almost came right there, Rick never spoke in Spanish around the house, and when he did it was to insult Jerry. Rick pulled Morty up and set him on his lap, reaching around to take Morty's cock in his hands he began to palm the soft flesh. Starting at the base to make strokes up and down the teens cock. He forced his middle finger and ring finger into Morty's mouth "Suck" he mumbled, Morty tried his best to roll his tongue around the scientist's fingers softly trying to pull his fingers in deeper. Rick lent down to nibble at Morty's neck.

"Tthere you ggo, pumpkin, Grandpa's little ppeanut." He continued whispering 'good boy's and 'you're mine's into Morty's ear. The hot breath on Morty's ear picked up as did the jerks to his cock. Rick pulled the wet fingers out of his underling's mouth, slowly Rick moved his hand down to Morty's bum, he traced around sphincter, he pushed his middle finger deep inside the boy.

"RRick?? Tthat hurts." Morty whimpered, he grabbed Rick's shoulders.
"II know, Ppeanut. It will get bbetter." He rammed his second finger in. He rested a second before scissoring the hole open.

The warm, and tight hole trying closing him in, he slowly pushed his fingers in deeper, and just as slow pulling them out, while opening and closing his fingers in the rhythm. Using his other hand he poked and pulled at Morty's baby fat, pinching it as he made his way up to his chest. He rubbed his fingers around the areola, the sensitive skin made the teen shiver and bite his lips. The teen felt his grandfather graze something in him, almost like a button, every time he pressed it Morty gained a wave of pleasure. Only if he knew of this secret button before he would have tried to reach it and press it himself. Only now he felt like it wasn't his to press, wasn't his to own. He felt a build up every time Rick pressed the button.

"Yyou're, gongonna ccum for m... Cum for your Granddaddy." He said rubbing Morty's 'button' while palming at his cock softly. Morty bit his lip and felt a rush, stronger than anything he felt before. He tried to scream, to moan, to just make some kind of noise. But a strong hand kept him from it, from letting everyone in the house know what kind of person Morty really way.

Everything was warm and bright, never before have one of Morty's orgasms been so... Strong, but the light faded back down to the dark room, and the warm feeling on his tummy, quickly turned cold. Morty shivered looking for warmth. Strong arms pulled him onto their owners lap, the heat from the older male emanating on the teen.

"GooGood boy, susuch a good boy for grandpa, yyou took it so wwell." Soft kisses were placed on his sweaty curls, Morty never seen this side of Rick before. So loving, so soft, so warm. Before Morty could return the favor for Rick he passed out in his arms.

Little did both know, Summer sat on her floor ear pressed against the wall, tears forming in her eyes.

Rick slumped down in the seat next his grandson in the spaceship, Morty had started tearing up as soon as the duo got back to the ship, and now he was ready to bust. He propped himself, so he could hold his knees to his chest, trying his best not to start sobbing; while Rick started going on and on about how unreliable Morty is and how knew he shouldn't have taken him on adventures. With a groan Rick hushed himself, looking into the dark vacuum of space, looking up at the twinkling balls of gas above and below them. Endless, empty, icy, and silent, the only noise being made was small whimpers coming from the passenger side seat. He glanced over at the small teen on the chair forcing himself to stare out the window, his hair was unkempt. He was mumbling soft curses, and insults, normally this would have upset Rick, but he felt sorry for the kid.

It wasn't REALLY Mortys fault the adventure was a bust. No one would have thought a bunch of territorial Gromflomite survivors would have been hiding in the same cave Morty tried to hide in, anyway the only reason Morty tried to hide there was because Rick started getting violent with their client. Rick slumped a little more, he knew he had to make it up to the teen, if he didn't Morty would get emotional for probably a week and wouldn't go on any adventures.

The ship landed in the drive way, Rick looked around looking at the snow covering the ground, the scientist had to remind himself that it was the first week of December, he never really cared for Earth's seasons unless they seriously affected him, he knew that tomorrow Jerry would hang up cheesy holiday decorations. The passenger door opened, and Morty jumped out. He was about to take off to his room when Rick beat him to the door.

"Hhey, Kiddo. Look. I ddidn't mean to uupset you, as yyou know I sometimes let mmy anger get the bebest of me. Jjust come help me with a new Iinvention, and III'll buy you sumthin' ninice." Morty sighed knowing his Grandfather was trying to do something nice for once, he slowly made his way to the garage door. He sat down on the counter top, waiting for Rick to come in.

The next few hours consisted of Rick doing work at his desk, while Morty ran around gathering the things Rick needed. Rick drained cans of alcohol forcing Morty to fetch some more, Rick only stopping when Morty told him all the beer in the fridge was gone, and they only had warm ones. After that they worked in silence Morty poking around in the boxes on Rick's shelves; while Rick poked around in a remote looking device. The duo heard the stairs creaking, Rick leaned back in his chair, he glanced over at Morty supporting himself against a wall, eyes slowly closing, trying to force himself to awake.

"RRick can I go to bbed now, I'm so titired..." Morty slurred out, eyes still slightly falling closed. He tried to walk closer to Rick, nearly falling over himself, Morty grabbed on to the edge of the desk, trying to pull himself up. Rick shook his head slightly before standing, he picked up his underling to carry him up the steps, Rick knew Beth was in the kitchen, and she more than likely would question him if she saw him carrying Mort up the steps.

"Mmorning, Dad." Beth called from the kitchen the scent of fresh coffee emanating from the room.
"Morning, Swsweetie." He called back. Opening the door to Morty's room he carried the teen over to his bed, to lay him down. He rubbed a hand softly between his curls. Rick leaned down, and gently left a kiss on Morty's forehead. Normally he wouldn't be so 'caring' towards the teen, but he felt like he needed to make it up to, as Rick turned to leave he felt a slight tug on his lab coat sleeve. Looking back, Rick saw the teen holding on to him snuggling into the coat as if his life depended on it.

"Please Rick, don't leave." He whispered, "Lay with me?" Rick was caught off guard, he didn't expect Morty his grandson, to be so needy. He pulled off the coat, and throwing it in the middle of the floor, Rick lock Morty's bedroom door before climbing into the bed next to the teen he wrapped his arms around he, letting him lay on his chest.

He stroked the teens back lightly, wondering if Beth was going to wonder what was taking him so long to return down the stairs. But that was a side thought he mainly focused on the soft breathing of the teen, himself slowly falling asleep, the only thing making himself stay awake was a slight poking feeling on his stomach. He tried brushing it off at first until the unconscious teen began shaking softly. Rick tried pushing Morty off him, so he could leave, but as he did a soft whimpered came from the teen.

"RRick, III want..."
"Go tto sleep, Morty.", the scientist stated before again trying to make his way to the bedroom door.
"Nno.... Rick I wawant you tto lay wwith me. Jjust a little bbit longer..." The teen tried sitting up, Rick observed his underling noting how erect he was, how just laying on his grandfather made him horny. "Pplease Rick, llay witwith please, Rick, take ccare of me.." Rick swallowed deeply, he made his way back through the dark to the small teen laying needed on the bed.

He crawled over the teen putting his hands on either side of Morty's head. Rick rested his head on the smaller one.
"Yyou want, Grandpa to take cacare of yyou?"
"Ya" Morty murmured out. Rick leaned down, kissing the teens neck soft nipping at it he hoped he was leaving nice darkpurple marks claiming the skin, using one of his hands to reach under Morty's shirt caressing the soft skin, rubbing his belly and making his way up to the teen's chest. Morty wrapped his arms around Rick, forcing his grandfather closer.

Morty wanted to stay like this, getting kisses, and feeling the warmth from someone he trusted, and cared about. But everything comes to an end, his was when Rick pulled back. He took Morty's shirt in his hands, pulling it above the teens head, throwing it across the room on top of his lab coat. "Look aat you." Rick said in a hushed voice. Rubbing the teen's waste pinching at the skin soft, making the teen shiver with a mixture of pain and pleasure, in one way he wanted Rick to go down deeper, yet he was unsure if they should. Rick reached for Morty's jeans buttons, slipping the button through the small opening, gentle pulling down the zipper. He tried to pull down the rough fabric, only to get Morty's hands on his holding them still he could feel the teen's heart beat increase, he reached up to Rick's hands, based by the sweat on them, Rick could tell Morty was nervous. Which he slightly expected from the teen.

"Rick, II don't kknow if I I don't knknow if we shshould..." Morty tried to reason with himself and Rick, he never felt so wanted by Rick, but at the same time felt like it wasn't... Natural? As if Morty forced Rick to do this by asking him to stay.

"Jjust let me ddo my thing, bbaby.. I'll take ccare of you." Rick whispered nuzzling himself in the nook of Morty's neck. He bit down on the marks from before almost drawing blood, Morty gritted his teeth at the pain. He grabbed Morty's jeans again pulling the fabric down to his ankles, looking down at his underling just watching his grandson, HIS grandson react to the lust, he bit his tongue, pulling the jeans off the rest of the way. Rick grabbed the hem of the teen's boxers, tugging slightly downwards slipping the fabric off Morty. He threw the jeans and boxers into the small pile of clothes that was forming.

Rick could never admit to himself or anyone, but he loved the way his grandson looked completely naked. Completely exposed, unarmed, and helpless, making Rick want to cover the teen with himself. To care and hold him, to protect him. Rick reached down towards his belt, undoing the leather, setting it aside he pulled off his sweater, followed by his Ashirt, adding them to the pile of discarded clothing in the middle of the room. The tightness in his slacks reminded him that he still had a way to go, looking down st Morty, the teens eyes where half lidded falling asleep, getting bored. The sight made Rick hurry discarding his slacks and boxers with the other clothes. He leaned down fully exposed, just like his underling. Rick propped Morty up against the headboard.

"Yoyou like this budd You llike thithis, baby?" Morty nodded, giving a soft smile. Reaching down Rick grabbed the teen's halfchubbed member. Softly palming the flesh, and forcing precum out of the tip to use as a slight lubrication, on the teen's length making the member get harder.
"Yyou got lublubrication in here, bbuddy?" The scientist asked, lovingly still spreading the precum around on the teen. Morty pulled himself up reaching in his nightstand drawer, finding the small bottle almost empty, Rick wondered if this was the bottle Jerry bought for Summer's door, since it wouldn't stop squeaking, he tried not to think about it. Taking the bottle squeezing the goo out on his hands and smearing it up his length. He turned his attention back to the teen who watched his every move, Rick reached down, with his other hand, Rick rubbed the top of Morty's curled haired head. Forcing Morty's knees up, Rick slid a finger into his underling, letting him adjust before slowly pulling out and going back in.

Morty was slightly used to this feeling from the last time they touched like this. This time seemed different though, as if Rick was on a mission, last time it seemed as if he just wanted him to be happy; but this time it was almost as if Rick was trying to rush this process as he shoved a second finger in speeding up by scissoring the small cavern, gently pressing the teens prostate. Rick watched as the teen below him broke, his face became a deep crimson, his fingers entangled with sheet below, tiny mewls, and slight whimpers left his mouth. Rick watched with a slight smirk, knowing him and only him was the one who made Morty make those noises, and make those faces.

"Tthis is gonna hhurt a bit." Rick stated pulling out his fingers he lined himself up with the teen's hole. He pushed in incredibly slow, making Morty feel every inch, every second, every vain, and curve, of his cock. The scientist could hear a slight moanscream from the teen below him. Rick pulled out fast, before again moving in so very slow. He wanted Morty to beg. To cry for his cock, so he know he wasn't just doing this for himself, he picked up a smooth rhythm in slow, out fast. This making the teen gasp for air, he wanted Rick just to pound into him to make it as enjoyable as possible for both of them. Sure the slow ins and fast outs gave him time to adjust, but it wasn't what he really wanted.

"Pplease, Rick III want you toto.." He was cut off by a groin, almost of pain.
"To wwhat, to sslow down." Rick teased going slower than before.
"Nno please I need it. IIII want you toto..."
"I knknow baby I'm tteasing." Rick sped up, a quicker pace hitting Morty's prostate in a pattern, while he simultaneously plammed the teens cock, Morty wrapped his arms around Rick pulling him in tighter, allowing him to bite into the bruises on Morty's throat. Morty's mouth went dry, never before had Morty felt so wanted in the universe. No one looked at him the way Rick did, no one touched him in the way Rick was. He felt like he belonged. Belonged to Rick. Just as this thought went into his mind, the weird lumpy feeling of his orgasm, moved through his balls.

"Rick, I'm... II'm gonna I'm gongonna..."
"Iits okay, cum for mme baby." Rick whispered biting the teen's ear. Rick picked up pace, the only sounds in the room being a small creaking from the bed, and the deafening sound of wet skin colliding, as Morty came. Coating his belly, chest, Ricks figures, and a bit of Rick's belly. Rick's orgasm followed soon after, filling up the small teen below him.

Morty thought Rick would pull out collect his clothes and leave, but he didn't. He just laid there, on top of Morty, gasping for air, his weight became heavier, Morty had to push his grandfather to get him to realize he was falling asleep on the teen.

Rick sat up on his knees and pulled out of Morty. Blood and cum coated the blankets, and sheets, Rick reached off the bed and grabbed his lab coat pulling a cloth out of one of the pockets, he gave it to Morty to clean himself off with. Standing up the scientist put on his slacks and belt. Turning to his underling he patted the teens head.

He grabbed his sweater, and Ashirt, unlocking Morty's door, and leaving without a word. Even though Rick left the way he did, Morty felt okay with it. He turned over to face the wall, pulling the cum and blood covered blanket over him. Feeling warm, but a bit empty.

Rick laid in his bed, while the family looked at the holiday decorations Jerry put up. Everyone knew Rick hated Jerry, and Jerry well... Hated Rick. Rick craved the attention the family gave Jerry, treating him like he was above everything, until he upset Beth. When he upset Beth everyone would turn to Rick, acting as if he was supposed to do something. He'd tell all of them what to do 'get rid of the dead weight' or 'move on' and they would. For about an hour, then Jerry would be right back in his chair talking about a job interview, or how Rick should be put in a retirement home.

Sure, Jerry seemed like Rick's problem, but he wasn't entirely. No Jerry didn't affect anyone as much as he did Morty. Morty wanted a positive male model to look up to. He had both his mom and sister who were slightly positive female role models, but it was a battle for the male one. He had Jerry, his deadbeat father who was too lazy to actually get a job, made weird noises when he thought no one was home, and obsessed with an alternate version of his grandfather; and then Rick, his insane grandfather who took him on weird adventures most of the time life threatening, made really cool invention, was a high functioning alcoholic, and made him feel weird when he was around him. Morty felt like both these men tried to fight each other to bed head of the household, head of the family, and his male role model. So in a way one could say Morty Smith had 'Daddy Issues'.

The Smiths stood outside, head to toe in their winter wear, still shivering in the cold snowy air, as Jerry pressed buttons on a remote trying to light up the holiday decorations. It was like a family tradition, the first snowfall of the year, up goes the decorations. He pressed multiple buttons mumbling things like 'No, that's not right' and 'I wonder if I forgot to plug it in... Hum' to himself. Beth sipped her chilling coffee, it was too late in the day for this, the sun had already gone down, dinner already cleaned up, and kids should be in bed. Not standing outside watching an idiot play with lights.

“JJerry, I'm tired, I'm ccold. Jjust ask DDad for help ttomorrow.” Beth stuttered out. A curse from her father, she was glad Summer didn't get the stutter, but poor Morty, didn't he already have enough problems? The poor kid also had to throw that on the list.
“No! Beth it's fine, I got it! I don't need to ask for Rick's help!” Summer and Morty huddled together slightly shivering, watching their father climb the ladder, he slipped his way across the roof holding onto the satellite dish trying to turn a Santa inflatable around.

“Do you think he's gonna fall? Should we get Grandpa?” Summer asked her brother as the ladder fell trapping Jerry on the roof.
“Hhe'll be fine, lets go kids come iininside.” Beth called her children opening the front door. They quickly followed, locking their father outside. “SuSummer, Morty you hhave an hour then bed. Ththe forecast calls for more ssnow overnight, memeaning you both have to help shshovel.” Beth knocked on her father's door.

“DDad, are you aawake?” It took a second, but Rick opened his door gazing at his daughter with boredom.
“Huh?”
“JeJerry's on the rroof. Please hhelp him.” She asked this as if it was normal for her husband to get caught in a weird place, and then have to ask her father to help the idiot. Oh wait, it was.
“No proEUPpromises.” He remarked before closing the door again, leaving it slightly ajar. Giving Morty the 'okay' to come into his room later.

Morty went to his room, sat there staring at the window watching fresh snow fall to the ground. He could hear his father calling for help every few minutes, his pathetic whines, making it harder and harder to actually care about him, about his predicament. Morty lay there in his bed, until he heard Beth's door close, he climbed off of his bed, slowly making his way to the steps, putting a hand on the wall and the other on the banister, guided himself down the steps. Almost silently, he swallowed, seeing Rick's door still open, a warm yellow glow inviting him in, he closed the door behind him.

Rick's room was small it was originally used as a gallery for Beth's art, but she was so embarrassed of her paintings that when her father came back into her life, she didn't even ask Jerry to give up his 'man cave' just put all her art supplies in a box, in a closet to gather dust, just like all of her interests. Little to her knowledge she forgot a picture, of her, her mother, and her father, a happier time, they stood together, Rick's hand around Diane's waste, on Beth's shoulder, Diane in a similar position just reversed, while Beth stood in front of them, as if they were showing off their daughter like she was a princess or if they were an actual happy family. She painted it planed to hang it in the living room. The day herself, and Jerry bought the house, she showed him the painting, but Jerry always hated Rick, when she showed the illustration to her new husband, he hated it, called it trash and told her that her father was a monster, and she was never going to see him again anyway, so why keep a memory of a time forgotten, so away went the picture in the back of the room. When she was cleaning out the room for her father she thought Jerry must have destroyed it or it was thrown away since she couldn't find it, she didn't question it, she tried not to think about it, to move on. The picture was still in the house, it was in Rick's pile of collectibles in the back of his room, probably under a few boxes. The golden frame was now rusted, and there was a crack in the glass between Rick and Diane. If Beth saw it now she wouldn't be surprised. This was all Rick could think about, that stupid picture, it made him feel... Guilty for lack of a better word.

“Hey Rick.” Morty said, walking into the room. He sat down at the edge of Rick's bed, as Rick looked under a microscope at a weird looking Rock he found the other day. Normally he would do things like that in the garage, but he didn't want Jerry to think he was going to go out and help him. At least not yet. “I... Uh.. Nnoticed you leleft your door oo you left yyour door ununlocked.” Morty mumbled after he only got silence from his grandfather. “Do you... Do you neeneed help with ssomething?” Rick didn't say anything was too far into his own imagination, he didn't hear Morty, and he surely didn't see him. Starting to worry Morty went over to his grandfather and pulled on his lab coat sleeve, making the scientist jump.

“Sshit, Morty diddidn't see you there.” Rick said before putting down the Rock.
“Iits fine, Rick... Did you wwant somsomething? Your ddoor was opeopen.”
“... You kknow how last nnight we did ththat thing.” Rick cringed at his own use of words he was nearly 70 not 18 he shouldn't be talking like a child, let alone reminding himself he fucked one.
“Yeayeah. I prpromised not to ttell mommy, or ddad.” It always confused Rick why Summer and Morty did that. Referred to their mother as 'mommy' but their father as just 'dad'. Maybe there was some sort of disconnect, uncomfortable with calling their father, 'daddy'. Beth did the same thing, Diane was 'Mommy' and Rick was 'Father', only now that she was older did she call him 'dad', it always made him uneasy, though, no matter what he did for her when she was younger, she called him 'Father', no reason, no rhyme... 'Father'

Rick grabbed Morty gently laying him on his rough green comforter. He climbed over him.
“Ddo me a fafavor, Baby Boy. Cccall me 'Daddy'” Morty stared up at Rick wideeyed.
“Wwh huh?”
“Jjust try nnot to think aabout it, Baby Boy, jjust call me 'DDaddy'.” He wanted to tell Morty he needed this. Needed to feel like he had to protect someone, like it would be like a special name for him, and Morty.
He'd be his 'daddy' and Morty would be his 'baby boy'

“Uh, wwhy. Not that I hhave a prproblem with you kikin with yoyour fetish, but, wwhy?”
“It's not a ffetish, Morty II just... Need tthis.”
“Ffine, ... Daddy.” Morty blushed and looked away in embarrassment, but it felt good, nice. Rick let out an approving growl.

“Mi bebé niño.” Morty couldn't believe what he was doing, what Rick was saying, where he was. Sure Rick called Morty, baby, before on many occasions actually, but it felt different, it felt new, and... Kinda comforting, safe. Morty didn't know why it felt good to call Rick 'Daddy' as if a weight that was on his chest was being lifted. He didn't think about it.

Rick bit at the dark hickeys on his grandson's neck. As far as he was concerned if no one in the family mentioned them, he'd keep them there, no one said anything today, Rick was sure they wouldn't say anything tomorrow either. The hickeys felt like a silent way to claim Morty, as his, his Morty, his sidekick, his baby boy, he pulled back from making the purple marks, something told him just to hold Morty, to care for the teen, in ways no one else could. He rubbed Morty's back, Morty wrapped his arms around Rick, he couldn't describe it, when they were on adventures and Rick would hold him it felt like he was being a burden on the elder, but here, in Rick's room him just holding him. He felt like he was on the edge of tears, he couldn't explain why though.

“It’s ookay, BaBaby Boy, Daddy is here, you're ssafe.”

Morty was innocent, well as innocent as he could be after everything that's ever happened to him. His Rick, unlike many others frequented the citadel it was easier just to portal into a dimension pay a few flurbos, and leave. Not only did it take a few minutes, but Morty got to make friends with other Mortys, and Morticias.

Rick and Morty walked up to a shop, a big sign hung in the window, a picture of a Rick, and next to him was one of a Morty with an 'X' over him. They both knew what that meant, Morty would have to sit on the bench while Rick picked up what they needed.

“If you're a good baby boy, granddaddy will get you a present.” Rick said coyly smirking. Morty looked away in embarrassment, he hated when Rick would call him that in public, it was like he was defenseless, and submissive and everyone could see. Morty knew no one in the citadel cared, hell it happened all the time, Ricks would feel up their Mortys, borderline molest them on the streets. No one batted an eye, no one looked in their direction, no one cares about some innocent flirting.

He bit his lip, nodded slightly before taking a seat at the bench, when Rick went inside. He wished he asked Rick for his phone to play on, or if he had taken one of the brainwashed Mortyism cultist's pamphlets to read, all he could do was sit there and watching the fountain in front of him, which quickly grew boring.

Morty was debating if he should take a nap, when a really thin, and smaller Morty sat down next to him, he was extremely pale, sickly, his skin was a bit yellow, heavy bags under his eyes, he had a sort of necklace on with a tag on it, the angle Morty couldn't see what the tag read. The yellow of his shirt wasn't like his bright, and cheery one. Hell, he didn't have a shirt it was a dress it was darkyellow, almost brown, the dress went to his knees, he had jeans blue pantyhose, and white flats. He wore a red headband similar to the ones the Morticias wear, except it had a big bow on the top. He looked uncomfortable, scared, as if he did something wrong and was about to be punished for it... Hmm...

“Uh, hhi.” Morty said to the newcomer. No response, he didn't even look over at him. Morty looked forward, taking a hint, from the social Qs.

'Bbbbut I ddon I ccan't... Yyyes, ssir...'

The Morty in the dress ran his hands over the bottom part of the fabric, rubbing the area softly, pushing and squeezing. It took a second for Morty to realize what the psycho was doing, no matter how hard Morty tried to ignore what was happening it was. The smaller version of him was masturbating in public, sure there were only Ricks and Mortys around but, still, HE was sitting right there, this Morty couldn't have waited until he left? Morty's anxiety spiked, he felt gross, he wanted to go home to not be around this crazy Morty.

“Cccompleted...”

Morty glanced over at the smaller version of himself, he could easily see the erection he had under the dress, but he didn't dare touch it again. He looked scared, looking at the ground, the teen bit his lip, he seemed to be listening to something, his alternate version of his self turned his head to look dead at him. Morty noticed he had an earpiece in, the smaller teen, eyes wide with horror looked over Morty. Morty felt his heart enter his stomach, he was unsure what was going to happen, all he knew was he wanted to get out of there. The small creep moved closer to him on the bench, Morty glanced over at him again, he was now facing him, Morty now could see the tag on the necklace, he realized it wasn't a necklace but a dog collar. The tag on the collar read 'worthless whore'.

“Ugh... Hhi...” Morty said scooting, away from his doppelgänger.
“... III have ttto blblow you...” He yelledsoftly, a few groups of Ricks and Mortys turned giving a dirty look, the way he yelled it though it seemed almost like he was trying his best not to let anyone else around hear him.
“Nno thanks, II'm fine...” The smaller teen, looked scared, turned towards the fountain, he pressed the earpiece, listening.

“IIIII cacan't hhehe ddon't wawant to... III can't fffforce hihim... Yyes, Sir...”

He turned back to Morty, his breath hitched, the smaller teen stood up, walked in front of Morty, he played with the hem of his dress, he bit his lip again, tears forming in his eyes, he looked like he wanted to run away, he slowly walked forward, and climbed on Morty, putting his legs on either side of Morty, he reached down, taking the hem again, he slowly lifted the dress, he showed Morty he had on pink see through panties, and a tattoo on his stomach that said 'Grandpa's Bitch' in a heart. Morty gagged, and pushed the creep off him, he stood up and walked to the shop entrance, he was about to push open the door demanding his Rick come and get him, but he heard a familiar voice.

“Comcompleted...”

He heard the small teen choke out, almost as if he was about to cry. He glanced back over, the Morty was curled up in a ball, sobbing, a shady Rick, with long uncombed hair in a ponytail came out from the side of the building and knelt down. The teen wrapped his arms around the Rick's neck, crying into him. The Rick didn't do anything, he just kept kneeling there while the tiny teen cried, almost a few minutes passed before the Rick stood up.

“Llets go, stupid pipiece of shit.” Pulling the Morty back around the building.

Morty was seriously at a loss for words he felt gross, like he was involved in something he shouldn't have been.

“HeHey Mort, ready to ggo home?” His Rick asked coming out of the store. He didn't mention the event or the Rick or the Morty. He just nodded his head. Rick pulled out his portal gun and the duo went home.

Rick has always been a dirty man, not just in the sense of not taking care of has personal hygiene, which in his defense being alone in a spaceship for 20 years, and not having anyone to impress, or anyone who cares about you, something like that can slip from you. Now he was 'dirty' in another way, almost everything he did. He would never fight a clean fight, he never kept his room clean, his ship smelled of old stale whiskey, and gin from the bottles he never removed, he'd use 'dirty' language towards Jerry, or anyone who decided to piss him off, the only way he had clean clothes, was if Morty decided to wash them for him. He knew he was a gross, he embraced it. When Morty and himself started their shenanigans, he couldn't understand why a clean freak like him, would want to even be near the human equivalent of filth.

The family dinners always reminded Rick of how dirty he was. Sitting there with his family, watching them, listening to them talk about their plans, how things were doing in their own lives. While Rick at the same time could top any pathetic excuse for an exciting day story, he never did. He let them have their moments.

“Rick, from J19?7, said he could get me an interdimensional job in his reality, we talk details on Saturday!”

“DavDavin, and I are ggoing to a hhorse convconvention, this weekend!”

“Ethan, and I are going on a date in the city tomorrow!”

Same shit, always the same, boring uninteresting, worthless shit. Rick propped his head on his hand lazily listening to the rambles scooping some microwaveable mashed potatoes off his plate, the lies stopped, Rick glanced around the table, Jerry playing an iPad game, Summer texting, Beth pouring more wine, Morty looking down at his plate, moving corn around, he seemed distressed.

Morty stopped sharing his thoughts, stopped smearing around sewage, stopped talking during this time, as if the tension in the room was now affecting him, as if he too could now feel the grime, all the lies, all the pollution in their words. In reality, Rick knew what was up; Jerry was going to have a promiscuous weekend with Doofus Rick, Beth was going on a horseback tryst with her lover, and Summer was going to go smoke weed with some friends. Rick knew why Morty stopped investing his thoughts. He'd be one of them, a dirty liar, and Morty wasn't that he wasn't dirty, he wasn't a liar, he wasn't like the rest of the family. He still had time to be clean. For Rick's sake at least.

Rick sat on the sofa, flask in hand, interdimensional cable played, endless shows improvised, none could catch his attention, none could draw him in long enough to replace himself with the characters. A little thing he always did, whenever he felt absolutely worthless, he'd watch television, trying to forget how filthy he was. Try to make himself clean for a little, he flashed through the shows, eyes slowly becoming heavy, until he felt a soft 'plop' next to him. Turning his head, he saw Morty, settle himself in, with a small bowl of buttery popcorn, and a bottle of apple juice.

“WhWhat are we watching, RRick?”
“Hhaven't ddecided yet...” He flashed through some more shows, the soft click of the remote seemed deafening, it didn't take Morty long to realize his grandfather wasn't okay, something was bugging him, digging into him.

“IIis something wrwrong?” Morty softly asked as Rick passed more channels, the scientist didn't answer. “Wwe have the hhouse to ourour selves... Wwe could do aanything...” Rick stayed silent.

Click, Click. Click

“MMMorty...”
“Yeyeah?”
“Letlets go onon an adventure...”
“II thought we coucould spend some ttime here... Jujust you and me...” Rick put down the remote, Morty, so young, so innocent, so... Clean. He didn't respond, they just sat there, a few minutes passed.

The scientist looked down at his underling, eyes glued to the television, grabbing a handful of popcorn, gorging on the yellow kernels, his eyes seemed hollow, as if he was debating something, Rick leaned back against the sofa.

Rick's stomach twisted, he slowly rose from the sofa, he stumbled towards his room, entering the dark enclosure, and sitting on his bed, he couldn't tell what was wrong with him, why he felt this way, why everything that happened to him made him feel so gross. His door opened, Morty walked towards his grandfather, sitting next to him, wrapping his arms around the elder, Rick returning the hug, putting his arm around the teen, the two just sat there, time went by, the longer they held each other, the more Morty felt a weird grim on him.

“Ccome on, MMMorty.” Rick took Morty's arm, leading him up the steps, he walked past Morty's room, to the bathroom, he didn't bother closing the door, knowing none of the family would be back until Monday. Rick placed Morty on the edge of the sink, turning his back to Morty, he pulled back the shower curtain, he turned on the shower waiting a few seconds before grabbing the hem of Morty's shirt and pulling it off of the teen. Followed by his jeans, boxers, socks and shoes. He picked Morty up and set him in the shower, he quickly undressed and climbed in.

Morty looked up at Rick, he seemed confused, Rick grabbed a bottle of soap, squeezing some on the teen's hair, he rubbed the soap through the brown locks, trying his best to clean them, scrub away everything bad that ever happen to him, next Rick moved down to Morty's neck, rubbing the dark purple marks, giving Rick goosebumps, seeing the darkened skin made all the blood rush to his cock. Rick wanted to lean down, bite the marks, make them bleed, he tried to wash them away, as if they were marker, or a temporary tattoo. He could feel his cock getting harder, letting the hot water coat the two.

Rick leaned down, moving his hands over the teen's belly, he felt Morty shiver, trying to hold himself steady. This amused the scientist that Morty was still ticklish, Rick turned the teen around pouring more soap on his hand, he moved his hands to Morty's back, slowly rubbing the detergent all over the teen's soft skin. Rick moved down, to his lower back, rubbing the flesh, he rubbed the small of Mortys back before reaching his bottom, he took it in both hands, just holding it, claiming it. He is grip increased, he felt a need, he pushed the teen's head against the wall wrapping his arms around the teen's belly, he pushed him in an angle preventing Morty from being hit with the water, while it fell on his head, the raining water coating him, washing away what he was about to do to the teen.

Moving his hands from Morty's belly, back down to his bottom, he rubbed the sensitive skin, he grabbed the bottle of soap, coating his hands in it, knowing Morty's hole was going to burn, but that would be later, this was now. He pushed two fingers into the small cavern, moving his soapy fingers in and out, scrubbing the teen's insides he could hear his underling's breath hitch, Morty rocked to the rhythm. Rick leaned down, resting the bottom of his head on the top of Morty's, a few moments passed just like this.

Rick grabbed Mortys waist in one hand, and his cock in the other. He stroked it a few times before gently pushing it up to Morty's hole. He heard a whine from his underling, he took a deep breath before pushing forward into the teen, rocking in and out gently. Rick stepped closer to Morty, closing the little gap that was still between them, the water from the shower now hitting his back instead if his head. Using his one arm to guide Morty back and forth, and using the other pressed against the wall to support them.

For one time Rick felt clean, ironically clean, as if Morty was willingly giving up his innocents to his grandfather, he closed his eyes, relaxing himself, the hot water quickly turned cold, hurting Rick's skin with the unsuspected change. He turned off the water, pulled out of Morty, the duo stood there looking at each other, both seemed calmer.

“C'on buddy... Lelets finifinish this uup downdownstairs. Maybe we can watch Ball Fondlers after.”

Morty, was born with high anxiety, almost everyone he met knew that. They would look at him, and just know he was on edge. Whatever it was that set him off didn't matter, mainly because it was everything, and anything. A book could fall off the shelf, and the small sound of it hitting the floor could force him to start hyperventilating.

'Did I grab my lunch money!?' 
'Did I tell Mommy I loved her before I left for school?!' 
'Did Summer point out how she was jealous of these fucking hickeys, Rick's obsessed with making?!?' 
'Is dad still on the roof?!'

Simple questions, that, if pressured could ruin his day in a second. Ever since Rick reconnected with his family, Morty's panic attacks have gotten worse, maybe from the way he now had to fear at any given moment he would be taken away, whether he was sleeping, at school, or 'discovering himself', the madscientist could burst through his door and drag him off on a lifethreatening adventure, or how his parents willing let Rick take him on these adventures knowing full well Rick, and himself might not return.

There also was the idea that Rick, being too reckless, would get the two of them caught when they were, getting intimate. Rick was constantly leaving his door open a crack, when the family was only a few feet away on the couch, or when they're working in the garage, and Rick wants to get frisky while everyone was in the house, or even once when they were in the yard with the family, and he tried convincing Morty they should do it behind the shed.

He was walking on eggshells at this point, it was his biggest fear, he knew if anyone in his family found out, Rick would leave, whether it be taken to prison... This was Rick Sanchez we were talking about he'd escape, he'd leave the dimension, maybe find another Morty, call him his 'Baby Boy' and whisper sweet nothings in his ear, find another Morty to... Morty felt weak, his hands began to sweat, his heart rate sped up... Not again...

Morty hated that he still acted like a child when he was alone. He'd pull his action figures off his shelf, playing with them, the scenario changed each time, sometimes he'd make them fight, other times he'd give them relationships, and other times... Other times he would act out what he'd like Rick to do with him. Normally he only did this when the internet was down, and he couldn't watch porn.

He pressed refresh on his tab, before the 'no internet' message popped on the screen on his laptop. He let out a low groan irritated, Jerry was always a stickler with that, when it snowed or rained Jerry swore turning off the internet would prevent the electricity from shutting off... No matter how many times Beth, and Rick told him that was stupid, he still did it. Morty's eyes glanced to the figures on his shelf. The action figures stood in a nice little row on his bottom row, Morty laid there debating if he even wanted to play with them, every time he did it felt like a bit of his childhood was ruined by his teenage fantasies.

Morty pulled himself off his bed and to the plastic figures, he took two of them back to his bed, he sat on the edge, rolling them around in his hands. He stole some of Summer's old doll clothes, he dressed them in to add to the simulation, he slowly began pulling at the little strips of Velcro, removing the doll's clothes. Even though neither one of the dolls were anatomically correct Morty could still manage.

He held them, grabbing the plastic legs of the smaller doll spreading its legs, he gently laid it on the bed, he took slightly taller doll bending its knees, and straightened out its arms. He placed it on top of the shorter one. Morty stared at the two. It wasn't much, but he felt like he could work with it. He reached down unbuttoned his jeans, pulling them down.

He started palming himself through his boxers, he looked at the dolls when he did, imagining it was him under Rick, he bit his lip as he reached into his boxers bringing the sensitive member out in the cold air, he teased the tip of his cock, smearing precum down his member, using his other hand he rubbed his sac.

BANG!

Summer dropped her soccer trophy when she was trying to take a picture of it, to sell the plastic trinket for weed money of course, she was going to try to convince the buyer it was real gold. Her mind told her that she couldn't sell it now that there was an obvious crack in the plastic, she discarded the trophy back on the shelf.

While Morty's mind told him someone was watching him as if everyone could see what he was doing, how he was masturbating to his old action figures he threw the dolls against the wall away from him, his halfboner went flaccid at once. Not only was he now not able to relieve himself, but he was on the edge of an anxiety attack. He fell on the floor grasping at his throat for air, he propped himself against his bed and breathed in and out, trying to calm himself down. Morty laid his head back, his panic attack slowly fading, he closed his eyes and thought about his family, his favorite shade of yellow, how he likes it when it rains when he's walking to school in the morning, just things he liked. A trick he was taught by another Morty at the citadel, he was surprised how much it worked to be honest.

Just as he felt like he was back to normal, his door flew open, Rick teetered through, already a tent forming in his pants, he left the door open as he marched up to Morty, the scent of whiskey filled the small room, Rick looked like a mess, he was gone all yesterday, probably out for a hard day of drinking, he grabbed Morty tightly by the curls forcing the teen to look up at him.

“Hhhhey llittle buddy, yyyou startin' with without me...?” Rick slurred out, pointing out how morty's cock was out. He let go of Morty's hair, the teen's gaze quickly fell to the floor.
“RRRick now's nnnot a good time, III wwasn't yya know..., IIII was jjust... Uh...”. He was trying to cover himself by pulling up his plaid boxers, the teen didn't know why after all the sexual encounter they duo had he still was embarrassed by his body. Like Rick cared about his size.

“Rrrreally, MoMort, cus tt'me it looks like yyyou were playing wwwwith my toy.” Rick said coldly crossing his arms, making mention again towards Morty's cock. The teen swallowed harshly, looking up at his grandfather, he seemed angry, drunk, but legit angry. “Wwwhat are yyyou go What are wwwe going to ddo since yyou played wwith my sshit?” 
“Uhh... IIII mean iit's my body, RRick, IIII was born wi...” Rick grabbed Morty's hair again, hard this time, pulling up so the teen was forced in a kneeling position.

Letting go of the teen's head he started on his belt, removing the leather from around his waist. Rick unbuttoned his pants, and pulled out his cock, he pushed his cock against Morty's cheek, he rubbed the hard member around his face, over the teen's lips from cheek to cheek, caressing Morty's face with his hard cock. The teen squirmed in discomfort, he wished Rick would stop, and just fuck him already, than he could go watch television or something, or better yet if Rick would just close the fucking door, just glancing at it open made Morty feel weak, the whole family was home and anyone could walk by and see. Rick stopped on the teens right cheek, gently started smacking the teen with it, across the face, Morty wanted to push Rick away, but he knew that would anger him, it was better, and he would get some enjoyment out of it, if he just stayed still.

“Oopen your momouth. Now.” Morty obliged, even sticking out his tongue, Rick grabbed the teen by his ears and forcefully shoved his cock in the small damp passage. “Bbbbite me and tthat's the last tththing you do...” Rick kept a hand on the teens head as Morty bobbed up and down, he tried to reenact a video he saw of a girl giving head, how she moved her tongue, around his veins, and how she kept producing saliva, or even how since her partner was too big for her whole mouth she closed the space with her hands.

Morty was going to attempt it until he realized, Rick was far too deep in his mouth, he could barely feel any veins, he tried producing saliva but it all either dried up right away or drooled out of his mouth. Lastly he couldn't close any space with his hands since there was no space to close. When he finally realized how far he was, he felt the hard cock hit the back of his throat, he let out a strange gagging sound.

“Tthat's, right slut, ccchoke on Iit.”

Rick's grip on Morty's hair increased, he started guiding Morty head, slowly bringing his mouth to the very tip, before slamming him at the base of his cock. Rick started letting out deep growls of approval. He kept up a steady semi slow pace, forcing Morty to take his cock all the way.

“MiMine, Morty, Mine!, 'yyyour' cock! 'Y your' mouth, 'your' ass, 'your' bbody? Nnno MINE!”

With each 'mine' Rick slammed Morty's head to the base of his cock, Morty fought for air, unsure how to breath while doing this. Finally, Rick pulled his cock out of the teen's mouth, he took a deep breath before pointing to the bed. “Llay down, NOW!” The scientist ordered, his underling complying without question. Rick climbed on top of Morty's chest 
Grabbing the teen's head again, he slammed his cock all the way he could in Morty's mouth, he grabbed the teen's hair holding his head still. Thrusting his hips back and forth, in and out of Morty's mouth.

Morty was gagging, begging for air, he was getting seconds worth of air and then having to hold it for almost a minute. Tears rolled down his crimson cheeks, slightly changing colour in embarrassment, but also from the lack of oxygen, he couldn't tell what compelled him, but Morty wrapped his arms around Ricks legs helping keep him in place while he fucked Morty's mouth, while before it seemed the teen couldn't produce any saliva, he now was coated in it, along with precum that dripped out of the crack of his mouth. Everything was wet, Rick's cock, his chest, his bed, the curls on the top of Morty's head stuck to him, his sweat rolled down joining the mess of tears, spit, and precum, this all would have been fine if it wasn't for what Rick was calling him, what his lover was saying.

"Ccc'mon, MM Baby, llook up at mme, Cc'mon.” 
“Gggod damn it! Bbbaby, your tthroats so ffucking tight!”
“Yyyou so fucfuck You're such aaa gggood boy.”

Morty felt warm liquid going down his throat, he couldn't taste it, and he couldn't see what it was, but he already knew, Rick stopped moving completely shaking intensely, deep groans escapes his lips as he did so. The scientist pulled out soon after collapsing next to the teen panting, covered in sweat, which only if Rick actually taken the time to remove any bit of clothing would have prevented. Rick reached over to Morty pulling him closer in. Neither said anything, just laid there panting.

Morty could have been mistaken, but he swears he heard Summer's door close.

Rick and Morty a hundred years. 
A hundred years Rick and Morty.
Rick and Morty a thousand years. 
Rick and Morty forever.

'... What about me?' Summer thought laying on her bed. Summer was jealous of her little brother, he had their grandpa all to himself, Grandpa Rick only cared about Morty, he told her that before, he told her on many occasions, he told her he'd leave her in a heartbeat, how she didn't matter like Morty did. She had to make herself forget how shitty her life was, her father was too busy being an idiot, her mom constantly cheating, her grandfather making her brother's life better, didn't she deserves to be happy like Morty did?

Summer needed money, she needed weed, craved it. She was going through a withdrawal, her hands were shaking as she ripped through her stuff, anything to sell, she needed it, glancing up at her shelf she saw the shiny plastic trophy she won in 3rd grade. Reaching up for it, she grabbed the plastic trophy, if she took a picture of it at the right angle, maybe... Maybe someone would think it's real gold, and maybe she could get some decent money from it.

Summer placed the trophy on her desk, aiming her phone camera at the award, she snapped the picture, picking it up, she was going to place the trophy back on the shelf, but it slipped out of her hands.

BANG!

Summer jumped at the sudden noise, she didn't expect the sound to be that loud, she picked up the trinket, a huge crack now obviously separating the plastic. She huffed setting the trophy back on the shelf. She almost broke down, she needed weed, she needed it so badly.

Hearing a noise from Morty's room she paced over to the wall, sitting down listening to her brother. She didn't know why, but hearing him calm himself down always helped her, his mumbles about how great the colour yellow was almost made her laugh, he's always so dramatic, but it makes him feel better.

She heard someone coming up the steps, maybe Mommy heard the bang and was coming to investigate, at least that's what she thought before she heard Morty's door fly open. The scent of whiskey was strong enough that she could smell it, she quickly stood up, strutting her way to the door, if Rick was gonna take Morty on an adventure he'd have to take her as well. She walked closer when Rick went into Morty's room he must have left the door open, hearing clearly, Rick asked Morty a question, “Wwwhat are yyyou go What are wwwe going to ddo since yyou played wwith my sshit?”. She smiled, maybe Rick wouldn't want to take Morty on any more adv

Summer glanced in the room seeing her grandfather taking off his belt. 'Is Grandpa going to beat him?' She wondered kneeling watching from the crack of the door, she saw her grandfather pull his cock out of his pants and smear it all over her brother's face. She knew of their weird relationship, she knew of it before but didn't think much of it. Summer felt a strange feeling in her pants, she never felt anything like this, a warm throbbing feeling her nipples tingled, it itched.

Her grandfather smacked her little brother with his cock, another throbbing feeling went through her cunt. Summer reached down unbuttoning her pants reaching in, biting her lip, she rubbed the clit, trying to help with the itch, the more she touched the better it felt like she was scratching it but it was making it worse at the same time.

“Oopen your momouth. Now.”

She knew Rick directed the command at Morty, but her mouth dropped, she started huffing hard, spreading her legs a little pushing her fingers in deeper. While keeping herself on her knees with her other hand, she looked through the crack again, she bit her lip seeing her grandfather forcefully slamming his cock all the way into his throat. She moved her hand from her clit down to her cunt, she pushed a finger inside the moist hole, she moved it around inside of her, new feelings exploding from her, she started pressing in deeper and deeper, restricted by her pants, she stopped for a minute, shaking a little pulled down her pants, followed by her lavender panties, setting the clothing next to her, she propped herself up on her knees again.

Rick was now on top of Morty on his chest, full on fucking his mouth, she began shaking, craving someone to do that to her hold her down fuck her senseless, take her on adventures, far away from here from this house, from the place where no one cares about her, and her grandpa fucks her brother. She moved her fingers in and out faster, and faster.

She moved her hands up, pinching at her nipples, rubbing them around, using her other hand to slam in farther and farther. Summer added a second finger in, letting out soft moans, she heard Morty moaning, or crying for help, it didn't matter it was what she needed. Summer finally realized anything Morty did was what she needed, now she understood why their grandfather was obsessed with him.

“Ccc'mon, MM Baby, llook up at mme, Cc'mon.”

She glanced through the crack, if Rick said anything else she couldn't hear him. Summer twisted her nipples, she was on to three fingers now, she let her head roll back, light tears rolling down her cheeks. A tingling feeling overwhelming her, she felt bright, like a spotlight was on her, a vision flashed of everyone she loved and cared about was there cheering her on, she was on fire. Just as she saw the vision it disappeared. She was back in her house, laying there against the wall, panting, the bright feeling faded, she grabbed her pants and panties, slowly making her way to her room, she felt cold, wet, and sticky between her thighs. She closed her door and laid down on her bed, surrounding herself in the blanket.

That feeling was better than any time she was high.

“Run Morty! Llllet's gERPo!” Rick yelled to his underling, running through the dark corridor, the lights flicked on and off, due to faulty wiring. The scientist kept turning his head back to make sure Morty was still behind him, the teen chased after him, tears streaming down his cheeks as a giant korblock chased the two. Morty's legs were on fire, this was the third time they were running from a korblock, he was unsure if it was the same one, and when he asked Rick he was told not to think about it. Morty glanced behind him, noticing the korblock was gone, he slowed down, leaning against the wall to calm himself, he looked in front of him, for Rick who must have run ahead, since he was nowhere to be seen, this was the second time this happened so Morty wasn't as freaked out.

Slowly walking forward, he could hear the korblock's slimy body wiggling around somewhere in the empty spaceship, Morty stopped moving, hoping the yellow slime ball would continue making it's way through the corridors without noticing him. It was the teen's fault the duo was on the ship in the first place. Rick told Morty to turn off the distress beacon, but Morty had to pressure Rick, he had to beg, try to convince him that even if they couldn't save anyone they could still loot the ship. So here they were running for their lives, while a crazy alien chased them.

Morty made his way around the spaceship, opening doors looking for Rick, he needed to find him, so they could go home, it was almost dinnertime, taco night to be exact, and if they didn't hurry Summer, and Jerry would eat all the soft shells. It would have been easier to call out for Rick but with the korblock on the loose that was suicide, he would have to sneak around, or he could just wait for Rick to find him. Yeah, that would be safer, stay put and wait for the scientist to find him. It wasn't until he heard the sound of a laser gun go off.

Morty fell to the ground started hyperventilating, what if the korblock got Rick? What if the laser gun he heard was, the alien stealing it from Rick and shooting him? It was when Morty didn't hear anything that he assumed the worst, that the aliens killed Rick. He felt tears in his eyes, the salty strings of liquid rolled down his cheeks, he didn't know how to get off of the ship, hell he doesn't even remember his way back to Rick's ship, he stayed quiet in fear of being heard, he crawled under a small table, when his panic attack went from mild to fullblown as he heard the room's doors open. Weird gargling sounds came from the intruder, he covered his mouth, so he didn't scream, he tried to breathe, tried relaxing his head back against the metal bar holding the table. It only got worse, as he saw the yellow hole filled aliens, pacing back and forth, there was four of them in total, and based on the way they were acting they were out for something.

Morty waited what felt like forever wait for an opening to escape, waiting for Rick to come save him, waiting for his panic attack to end, waiting for something, anything. The room was spinning, he felt like he was about to die, like he was going to throw up his heart and die. He clawed at his arms to try to shock himself out of it, maybe just long enough to run away, to try to find help. It felt so unreal, everything did, the way one of the korblocks looked under the table and saw him, how it grabbed him dragging the teen out, how it that carried him back to Rick's ship where the scientist waited, the korblock released Morty letting the teen run to Rick. Morty wrapped his arms around his grandfather tightly, crying into him. Rick grabbed Morty's arm, slamming the teen against his ship, he forced him on his back leaning over him as if he was about to kiss him.

“Ddont be sssuERPch a bbitch, Morty.” The elder burped out grinding against the teen roughly, looking around, Morty noticed the korblock were gone, where to? He didn't know, and he felt like he shouldn't think about it. He came back to reality when he realized Rick handcuffed him to the ship.
“Rick, wwhat are yoyou, ... What are you ddoing?” Rick didn't answer, he took a step back admiring Morty, he walked closer taking the teen's jeans, unbuttoning them. “Uh RRick, ccan we ggo home bbefore we do tthis haha.” Morty blurted out nervously. Rick pulled down Morty's jeans, he was expecting to see some kiddie boxers the teen normally had on but, was met with, and actually startled by a pair of Summer's old panties that she no longer could wear. They were covered in lace, red and pink with hearts on them, and on the ass cheek was a little kitten in a heart. She would swear she threw them away, and she did, too bad her little brother was a weird pervert with fetishes.

Rick bit his tongue, trying not to break the tension and ask about the panties even when he thought he's seen it all his weird ass grandson always did something, but that gave him an idea, he grabbed the panties tightly, ripping them straight off of the teen. He palmed at the now exposed flesh, forcing the teen's cock to harden. He released his grip on the teen taking the now ripped panties and tying them over Morty's eyes. Morty's anxiety returned in a large wave, he started roughing dragging at the cuffs, he was shaking, tears fell from under the makeshift blindfold. His skin felt like it was on fire, like he was burning inside out.

“You're ovoverreacting, MorURPty. Yyou get a llittle scared, aand you panpanic, why not trtry calming tthe fuck out, ffor one goddamn mminute!”

Morty felt Rick grabbed his hair harshly, the teen was on brink of vomiting now, he didn't know why Rick was doing this. Normally when he had panic attacks, Rick was the one who helped him, why now was he being a jerk? Rick continued to pull Morty's hair while he palmed his cock, griping hard on the smaller's member, Rick's grip on Morty's hair loosed, until Morty couldn't feel his hand anymore, his legs gave up from the panic attack, he was limply laying over the ship, while the person he trusted the most was molesting him, another wave of anxiety flowed through him, he felt like he was going insane, like there was no one who cared, no one who would help him. He began choking it took a second to realize it wasn't his attack that was causing it.

“I said, CALM DOWN!”

Rick was on him, grabbing a tight hold of the teen's neck, quickly cutting off his air supply. Morty's anxiety worsened, like it flooded through him like a dam that broke, he thrashed about trying to get Rick to remove his hand, he couldn't tell where Rick was, all he knew was he was dying and Rick was the one killing him, he felt weak his wrists scrapped at the restraints surly peeling off the skin, he felt the attack slowly fade, and was replaced by fear, everything became stuffy, and the moment he felt like he was about pass out the pressure on his neck left. He took a few deep breaths, resting his head back. He tried to steady himself on the floor, but his legs were jelly, he felt Rick grab his shirt and pulled it above his head, so he could rest his head on the fabric.

“Better.” Rick growled, he rubbed Morty thigh harshly digging fingernails into the soft flesh, Morty started whimpering, he tried to move his legs away from Rick's grasp, until he felt a warm wet feeling creeping up from his thighs, made its way over his belly, over his chest, up his neck, and to his ear. Where Rick bit down hard, almost puncturing the cartilage, drawing blood. Rick grabbed Morty's legs tightly, forcing them up and around him as the ground hard against the teen's naked bottom with his slacks.

“RRRick pleaplease d...don't...” Morty cried out tears running down his cheeks, he heard Rick unclip his belt, the sound of leather, moving through the fabric, followed by the sound of metal hitting metal as Rick through the leather across the room, the sound of Rick's zipper slipping down made Morty start shaking, how could someone he cared about do this? Betray his trust.

Rick rubbed his cock against Morty's, giving a weird sensation of need and regret through his body. Morty bit his lip, as Rick started biting harshly at the fading purple marks on the teen's neck, sucking and nibbling, trying to draw blood from the marks. Rick reached down palming Morty's cock, forcing precum out of the tip, coating his fingers, he shoved the digits into the teen's open mouth.

“Yyou like that, You fucking llittle cocock cozy"
“Nno... RRick, pplease stop... II want to ggo home...” Morty begged trying to thrash out of his grandpa's arms. Rick smacked his underling hard, causing a surprised yelp out of him, more tears flowed down his cheeks, Morty was about to be sick again.

“Bbeg for iit, beg like the little ggirly slut you aare” Morty felt faint, he hated when Rick compares him a girl. “Ththats rright, little Miss MMorty!” Rick teased pulling Morty's hair again.
“Pplease, Rick...”
“NNot good enoERP ugh, Baby Girl.” Rick teased, brushing at his underling's hair, “CC'mon, you ffucking sssissy. BEG!” the teen shivered, he let out a huff.
“II uh... Ppplease, fffuck your llittle sissy bboy...” Morty mumbled, he felt so empty, so worthless, he just wanted to go home, and eat tacos with his family, not begging for this. Rick let out an approving moan before angling himself up with the teen.

He pressed his dry cock against Morty's tight hole.
“Ggoin' in ddry pumpkin.” Morty's heart raced, he wasn't ready for that, he was positive he'd never be ready.

“JERRY SUCKS! JERRY SUCKS!” Morty yelled the safeword at the scientist, who let go of Morty, and removed the cuffs. Morty fell with a slight soft thump.

Rick pulled the makeshift blindfold off of Morty, and wrapped his arms around the teen. Rick nuzzled the teen's neck, kissing him softly, Rick took off his lab coat and wrapped it around Morty.

“You ookay, BudBuddy?”

Morty forced himself to like pain, well more or less, he forced himself not to complain as much when he got to hurt. But unlike Rick he broke, and would eventually cry, and just turns into pieces from the pain, that being said Rick could have his arm completely torn off and wouldn't even cry. Maybe that's what drew Morty to Rick his lack of emotion, his resistant to pain, the ability to stand up for himself when needed.

Morty wanted to be like Rick, in the sense of not getting upset when hurt. No, Rick didn't get hurt, because he hurt others, he'd emotionally, physically, even mentally scar people to get his way, to get his hands on what he wanted. He started recently using Morty this way, gained his and the families trust enough to use them for what he needed or wanted no more, no less.

Rick and Morty sat next to each other on the sofa, the family sat in their usual spots, Jerry on his tablet, Summer texting, and Beth reading. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary, until Jerry stood up, he walked over to Summer and took her phone, she almost screamed.

“DAD! What the FUCK!?”
“Its time things changed around here! Surprise phone checks! I saw an article on kids that sext each other and I will not be having none of that noise in MY house!” Beth snorted into her glass of wine.
“JJerry is jealous that sssomeone would rrather look at MMorty's dick than his.” Rick said coldly. Jerry glared at his fatherinlaw, he threw Summer's phone on the sofa next to her, he stormed off to his office making sure the door slammed.

“Wwwhat a bbaby.” Beth stated placing her bookmark in her book, she laid back to relax herself, taking a welldeserved nap. Rick glanced at Morty and nodded his head in the detection of the garage. Where the duo spent the rest of the night, when Morty was pulling himself up the steps, he heard a strange sound from his room he opened the door slightly to find his father kneeling in the middle of his room, Jerry pounced pinning Morty down.

“I GOT YOU!” he screamed,
“WWWHAT ARE YYOU DOING?!” Jerry looked dumbfounded he silently he stood up and looked out the door.
“Where is Rick?” Morty got to his feet, feeling rushed, and a bit of anxiety growing in his tummy.
“In the ggarage WHY?!” Jerry got quiet he moved closer to Morty.
“Your mom, and sister might be blind but I know, Morty I know all about you, and Rick. Don't think I won't try to expose you.”
“Yyyou're insane, Dad.” Morty stuttered out looking from the wall to his bed back to the wall. Jerry stepped closer, putting his hand on his son's back.
“It's okay Morty, we'll get you help, a therapist to talk to, hell it might help the family.”
“WWhat are you ttalking about?”
“Just tell Daddy that Grandpa Rick is hurting you, and he and Mommy will make the bad man go away.” Morty felt sick, how dare this low life take a name he calls his lover and try to use it against him. The teen moved to his bed, sitting on it, he chewed at his lip, pulling the skin from it with his teeth. 
“Dad. Get out.” Morty said flatly, looking at the wall.

“I don't think you understand the situation, your Mom won't believe me, and I know it hurts but you have to realize. Rick is an adult willing doing something not only is gross, but illegal.”
“Dad. Out.” Morty was firm, something he almost never was, Jerry looked defeated.
“Fine! Go get fucked by grandpa! But when he hurt you don't come crying to me!” The teen placed a hand over his mouth as not to throw a sassy comeback, as his father stomped out through his door, slamming it. Morty changed out of his jeans and tshirt into a nice soft light yellow Ashirt, his plaid boxers, normally he would just take off his jeans to sleep but tonight was different he needed air. It felt like he was suffocating, he tried to sleep, laying down and closing his eyes, but he felt sick. The image of his father and Mommy walking in on him and Rick doing 'it', made his stomach churn. Sure the thought always freaked him out before, but now he knew they had a witness, he needed to discuss the game plan with Rick about what they should do.

Morty slowly crept down the steps, his socked feet making little noise. He felt as if Jerry was going to be right around the corner, really to accuse him of trying to sneak off with his grandfather to get intimate, Morty opened the garage door, to find Rick at his workbench, he seemed to be modifying some sort of headset, pulling cables out and moving around a disk.

“Wwhat's up, Baby BBoy.” Rick said when he turned to see Morty, the teen closed the door and started sniffling.
“DDDad knows Rick... Wwwhat are we gonna dddo?” Rick sat down the headset and stood up, he made his way over to the door that lead into the house, and opened it. He then proceeded to make his way back to his chair and plop himself down.
“Ttthe first things first, Morty, cccome here.” Morty looked at the open door, then back to Rick, he waddled over to Rick, and almost immediately pulled into the scientist's lap. Rick pulled up Morty's Ashirt, he started pinching and pulling at the teen's nipples, he then leaned down, leaving a heavy saliva trail across Morty's throat, Rick reached for his table and grabbed two binder clips.

“Yyyou remember the sasafe word?”
“Yeah.” Morty answered, with slight confusion in his voice. They hardly ever used the word, only when Morty felt like he was in mortal danger or was super convinced someone was watching, just as he was reminding himself of how he needed to use their safe word about a week ago when Summer was coming up the steps, and Rick was being noisy, when he felt extreme pain in his nipples. Morty glanced down to see Rick had put the binder clips on them, when he tried to turn or move slightly the clips followed in suit, tugging at his skin, what made it worse was the elder slightly started pulling on the clips tugging the flesh. 
“RRick?!” Morty gasped.
“Shh Morty, it'll feel good later.”

Rick let Morty's Ashirt fall back over his chest, being kept up slightly by the clips. Next Rick moved to the teen's tummy, rubbing his fingers over the soft skin, making Morty tried to curl in on himself, the teen wiggled, trying to shake Rick's hands off his belly. Rick leaned down nibbling at the teen's shoulder, while rubbing his tummy roughly, Morty let a weird sound escape his lips, like a moanlike laugh. Rick let go of the teen. He pushed him to the ground, grabbing his hair and forcing him on his knees. Rick reached over to his table, he grabbed a zip tie, he pulled Morty's arms behind his back, and zip tied his wrists.

“RRick?” A hand smack landed on Morty's cheek, making him face the open door, his soft cheek stung, “oow, wwhat was t” another one landed on his other cheek.
“Did I say you could talk?” Morty huffed, he watched Rick dig into a box, till he found a cloth sort of bag, Rick placed the bag on Morty's head. The teen felt scrunchy, enclosed.

Rick stood up, He slowly, and silently made his way around the teen, he started on his belt, he unclipped the leather from around his waist, slipping it through his belt loops, he twisted it around his hand until he got a good grip. The scientist leaned down rubbing Morty's back, he lifted the cloth from the skin, tucking it in so it wouldn't fall.

Thwack! He hit Morty's back hard with the belt. Making the teen gasp, he flung himself forward, trying to move his hands to cover the now burning spot on his back. Rick grabbed the teen by the hair, pulling him to the corner, letting the teen rest his head against the wall, Morty whimpered as Rick started pulling the Ashirt off of the teen, he discarded it somewhere in the room, looking back at his underling. Rick could almost hear soft sniffles from the teen, Rick smiled down at the small body, he rose the belt again and hit hard against the teen's back, causing a soft, yelp, Morty shivered, he felt sick, another jolt of pain went through his back, followed by another, the cold garage air stung the marks every time Rick stopped for more than a second. After a couple more hits, the scientist threw the leather down, he strutted over to his underling kneeling behind him. He reached his hands around the small teen, palming at the teen's cock, rubbing the excess amount of precum around the teen's cock, the teen tried to move his hands up to Rick or maybe just in a position where they'd be comfy, the tie cut slightly in the teen's wrists.

He now could hear the whimpers and soft cries from under the bag at full force. Rick almost felt bad. Almost.

“Rreally, MMorty? Stop being aa sstupid bitch!” He could almost feel Morty's heart breaking he always hated it when Rick insulted him at his weakest. But it always made the elder so aroused, knowing Morty was being fully submissive, Rick gripped the back of his underling's neck, pulling the teen against him. 
“Yyou're a good llittle twink aren't yyou?” The elder asked, reaching down to unbutton his slacks and pull down his zipper. “Jjust a cock lloving, little boy. You're gogonna tell mme you are, wwhen I start ffucking you, you rrepeat what I ssaid.” Rick stood up grabbing the teen's arm, pulling him, Morty assumed over to the work bench, but that would have taken about a second, Rick guided his underling through the first floor, Morty swore he heard a voice, like a gasp or something, but he couldn't be sure of it.

Rick pushed the teen down, forcing him on his knees and laid his front on what felt like the coffee table, the clips on Morty's nipples bent, pulling the skin as he laid on them, He felt Rick grab his thighs and spread them wide, and pulled down his boxers till they rested on his knees. The scientist grabbed a hold of the teen's waist, kneeling down behind him, Rick pulled out a small container of what one could only presume to be lubrication, Morty could hear the smear the gooey liquid on his cock, the sound made his body tense, Rick pressed his cock against Morty's bum, Morty heard a disgusted whimper, but it wasn't from Rick, the voice was too highpitched. Before Morty could try to process who the sound was from Rick slammed himself from tip to base inside of Morty, Rick gripped tightly on Morty's shoulders, moving himself back, and then forward slamming into the teen. Even through the bag on his head Morty could hear the relaxing and familiar wet slapping sound, it almost made him sleepy, but a low, disgusted growl also made itself present, like an awkward version of someone saying 'uhhh' but like the sound itself was appalled. Rick leaned down to Morty's head, he slowly lifted the bag to expose the teen's ear, nipping the soft flesh.

'Wwasn't there sosomething you were supposed to ssay?' Rick breathed into his ear. Morty moaned a little racking his brain for the phrases, the mixture of pain that Rick caused him before quickly turned into a strong intense pleasure, making his mind blank. The fiery sting on his back had disappeared, making the skin vulnerable, and almost tickle to the touch, the binder clips, on his nipples, made the already sensitive skin explode with the need of more pressure, and the want to be touched. Along with his cock, Morty needed Rick's touch, he desired the feel of the elder's hands on his cock. He knew, though he wouldn't get any of that it he couldn't remember what he was supposed to say...

“III'm your stupid llittle cock loving bboy, aaaand I'm your bbbitchy little whwhor” The last part was cut off by Rick pulling Morty's head back by his hair, wrapping his other arm around the teen's waist Rick pulled on the clips. Tugging the skin, stretching it.

Rick continued riding the teen, playing with the clips, his speed decreased to almost none existing.

“Nno, faster, DDaddy~.” Morty murdered out, clenching his eyes shut, even though he couldn't see anyway. “III need your I neneed your ttouch! On my ccock!” Rick obliged, speeding up again, and reaching his hand down, palming at the small hairless cock, smearing some precum on the teen's tummy, and forcing some under the bag and into Morty's mouth, letting his underling taste himself. Morty felt Rick grab his sac, pulling it up a little. The teen relaxed himself as the all too familiar feeling of his orgasm washed over him, he moaned loudly, pushing his hips back into Rick's cock. He tried his best to move his hands, but the stupid zip tie prevented it cutting deeper into his soft flesh.

Rick burst inside the teen, he let out an approving grunt, before sitting back down on his knees. The scientist pulled the clips off the teen, grabbed his arm Rick cut the zip tie off of the teen, followed by pulling the bag off of Morty's head.

The last thing he remembered was his father, sitting on the sofa, tears streamed down his cheeks, he looked broken, unable to protect his family, unable to stand up for himself, unable to... Fight. Morty closed his eyes, feeling his own tears.

When he opened them again, he was lying in bed, yellow Ashirt and plaid boxers on, but there was a slight annoyance in his bum.

"I don't know, Beth, I don't know how you can choose him over me!” Jerry said to his wife, she wore a similar blank expression that her father was so used to wearing.
“Mmaybe because HE'S trytrying to help tthis family. Unlike yyou!” Jerry was taken aback, he tried telling her that Rick was a dirty perverted old man, how he was using their son, how he wasn't there for the family. This broke Jerry on so many levels, he knew of Beth cheating on him, he knew of Summer's new job as a 'model' and he knew his son was having an incestual relation with his fatherinlaw.

He tried to be there for the family, while Beth went to work, for years he was the stay at home dad, but now that the kids were older... He wasn't needed as much, they all had their after school activities, it was so... Simple before, he would always leave early to pick up Summer, walking to the school he'd stop at a corner store and, grab an apple juice for her, and a cola for him. She was always the first one out the door, ready to go home, her long red hair tied back in pigtails swayed side to side as she'd walk with confidence, next to her father home. Chugging the juice in one hand, soccer ball tucked under her arm, ready to practice, but Jerry always made her wait for the daycare bus to drop off Morty, Jerry would give Morty a bottle of medicine, while Summer did her homework, Morty was a lot weaker than most toddlers his age and still needed some help. The moment Jerry would put Morty down to play with Summer he would take off. Jerry could still remember Summer chasing the soccer ball, and Morty waddling behind her sucking his thumb, trying to catch up and play. The memories made him smile, but that's what they were now. Memories. No one wanted to play soccer in the driveway, no one wanted to drink juice while proudly walking with him, no one wanted him. So he left.

He felt that maybe Beth would realize she was wrong and beg for him to come back, but he knew better. He didn't even tell them that he was leaving, he just did. No one questioned it, no one asked, no one mentioned it. Well of course they DID, but it wasn't like Jerry hoped, just in passing, Beth went to work, Summer dressed and undressed for her model gig, and Rick and Morty continued their adventures.

Rick was alone in the garage, Beth had left almost thirty minutes ago for emergency surgery, she rushed through the details with Rick, giving him as little information as possible. Whether it was that she was in a hurry, or the fact that she might be going to see her boy toy, Davin, Rick couldn't tell. He really didn't care as it was, more focused on a headset, trying to turn it into a helmet. Rick heard clearly, the front door opened, Summer yelled something about going away for the rest of the week, and then the front door closing again. Rick sat back, rubbing the bald spot on his head, debating if he should work on that hair growth formula now or later. The front door opened and closed again, with a loud click from the lock. Rick grabbed his flask, drinking the contents, waiting for the teen to come into the garage.

When it didn't happen Rick stood up, he lowered his flask, swallowing and wiping his mouth with his sleeve. He slowly walked his way up the steps towards Morty's room. He heard soft cries coming from inside the room, he slowly turned the handle pushing the door open.

Morty sat on his bed, knees to chest facing away from the scientist, Rick didn't have to see tears to know they were present. Sighing Rick pushed himself through the door, sitting behind the teen, he wrapped his arms around him, pulling Morty on his lap.

“Wwhat's wrong?” Rick asked, caressing the teens curls softly, untangling them only to have them snap back in place.
“II don't wwwwant to talk aabout it.” Morty shoved his face in Rick's chest crying hard.
“Ccome on, bbuddy. Just ttell me.” Morty went silent for a few seconds, the teen lay back in his grandfather's arms.
“No, cccus you're mean aaand you'll lllaugh...” When Rick finally got a clear look at Morty's face, he saw a dark rim around his left eye, he seemed to be cut on his cheek, now that Rick was noticing it, Morty did seem a little beat up, his shirt was ripped, and grass stains coated his jeans, gently Rick rubbed the teen's arm.
“Who did it?”
“BBBBrad...”
“Wait here I'll be back.” Rick pushed the teen off him and stood up, He glided towards the door, but Morty beat him to it, he stood in front of the door arms outstretched preventing the scientist from exiting the small room.

“Yyyou can't!” Morty nearly screamed out, he didn't know why, but the idea of his grandfather beating up his bully made him sick, maybe because Rick tends to overreact and would most likely kill him, but still.
“Why not!?, Because, I'm pretty sure I CAN.” Morty slowly walked closer to Rick wrapping his arms around him. Crying into him. Rick rubbed the teen's hair again, pulling him back to the bed, they sat down. Taking a deep breathe Rick had an idea.
“JJust go with tthis, Morty.” Rick pulled off his lab coat and sweater, discarding them on the floor. Leaving in his Ashirt and slacks.

Rick laid back, pulling Morty on top of him, placing either of the teen's arms, and knees on either side of Rick. Morty started shaking, he was unsure of what he should do, or what was happening. Rick wrapped his arms around Morty trying to signal him to make a move. Morty straddles Rick's hips, breathing heavy, Rick never let Morty top, and Morty became so used to it that the idea scared him, but thinking of that made him wonder how he was supposed to have any sort of relationship with anyone like Jessica, if he was scared to top then she couldn't pleasure her, or any female at that. His thoughts disappeared as Rick grabbed Morty's jeans button, slipping it through the hole and pulling down his zipper, Rick softly tugged at the fabric, trying to get Morty to take it off.

“RRRick, I don't ththink I can... Ya know...” Rick sighed heavily, he rolled his eyes, he cleared his throat and started talking in a high pitch voice.
“Iits not your Grandpa Rick, Morty, it's me Jessica!~” again Rick rolled his eyes, mainly because of how stupid he felt. Morty tried not to laugh, he got the hint, he closed his eyes, and leaned down and kissed Rick's lips. Imagine it was Jessica, he slowly moved his hands under Rick's Ashirt feeling up his chest. Rick slightly pushed Morty away.

“Ookay, no. That's weird.” Rick teased back in his normal voice, sitting up, Morty started blushing, he tried to turn away, but Rick grabbed his arm, he pulled Morty back on top, in that same highpitched voice as before started again.
“Bbut what's not wweird is when you... bbut I do like it when you pull my hair.” Morty felt a weird sensation, he reached up and pulled Rick's hair. Rick grabbed Morty's arm. “Nnot just out of the blue, Morty.” Rick said flatly in his normal voice. Morty wanted to run away, he was so confused.

“Tthen how?!” The teen almost yelled, becoming frustrated, how was this supposed to cheer him up? Rick rolled his eyes, the scientist started caressing Morty's hips. Pulling the teen down on him, Morty laid on his grandfather for a little just listening to his heartbeat, the time seemed to go by slowly.

Morty had a revelation, after all this time, stalking and eavesdropping, hell even trying to look up her skirt now and again, he hardly knew Jessica. He had these thoughts before, but never really paid attention, he didn't know what Jessica wanted, and he didn't know how to please Jessica. He did however know what Rick wanted, which was easy, complete control. Morty pulled himself up on his arms, his grandfather watched closely and Morty crawled from the Rick chest, he stopped when he was eye level with Rick, leaning in the let their lips touch, almost instantly, turning into something more. Morty may have been the one who started the kiss, but Rick was the leading it. Letting Morty explore his mouth, he let Morty guide his tongue around, shoving and pushing, tasting each other's mouths.

Morty pulled back, he laid back down on his grandfather, sure he didn't know how to please Jessica and maybe any other girl or guy or alien in the multiverse.

But what he did know how to do was make his grandpa happy.

Morty woke up, or at least he thought he did. Everything was black, dark, and cold. He tried opening his mouth to yawn, but it felt like it was stuck open? Or was it closed? He tried to move his hands, his legs, hell even his fingers, but nothing, he was pushed roughly against himself, laying down on what he assumed to be a table. Morty tried blinking a few times, unable to tell if he had something over his eyes, or if he just couldn't open them. The soft sound of static played all around him. He couldn't feel anything, his heart rate increased, he felt like he started to sweat, but he couldn't be sure, the feeling of what was like plastic wrap or neoprene was all around his skin, like it was holding him in.

'This must be Hell.' Morty thought to himself.

A thick jolt of pleasure rose from his cock, or at least he thought it did. A warm feeling crawled across his tummy, making him feel dizzy, then a strange but familiar poking against his soft lips, the fleshlike item slipped into his open mouth, answering his question from earlier. The thing went deeper, before slipping out, it had a familiar taste to it, gross, but inviting like he wished, never to put it in his mouth yet at the same time he wanted back again. He couldn't really tell what it was, but happily accepted the fleshy stick. It moved around trying to feel the warmth of his mouth, it slipped out and started rubbing against his cheek, before slipping back into his mouth, the strange object moved over his tongue, the object left a familiar salty taste, but Morty couldn't pinpoint what it was. The object left again, and the warm feeling on his chest did too.

Cold. That's what happen next, coldness, ice must have been placed on his cheeks, his cheek slowly started going numb, and a tingly feeling took its place. Time passed and the ice remained, the feeling getting worse, the numbness turned to pain, but yet the ice remained he tried his best to move, to get the cold cube off of him, something. Just as the pain worsened it disappeared completely, replaced by a warm feeling, drips of what felt like warm water fell on the spot, the white noise in his ears picked up, he tried to concentrate on the warm water, But the static sound engulfed him, the scent of candles quickly flooded the room, making Morty feel sticky, he couldn't concentrate on one thing.

He didn't even notice the warm water stopped dripping on him, he only noticed that it had happened once another warm feeling was on his tummy, moving around the material on his skin, moving down towards his groin. Stopping at his waist, the warm feeling faded from him, time passed in absolute silence, other than, of course the sound of the static in his ears, but Morty didn't count that. The teen slowly started losing it, he felt suffocated, enclosed, and restless. His anxiety started moving up his stomach, trying his best to thrash around and maybe free himself a little. He started getting a headache, and he couldn't tell why, his situation wasn't really HURTING him, he was just laying there with soft static and candles if anything he should be relaxed, and sleepy, then again he did just wake up... The next thing he noticed was how cold the room was, colder than the ice on his cheek, yet he was wrapped up, his mind started running.

'What if I was kidnapped?' 
'Is anyone there?' 
'If I was kidnapped is anyone coming for me?' 
'Why would they want ME?' 
'I mean Summer has something going with her, why would they want me?' 
'Has Rick, Mommy, or Summer even noticed I was gone?'

He felt like he was choking, nothing was on him yet here he was, gasping for breath, trying to swallow any bit of saliva, but his mouth was completely dry, his mind grew hazy, his eyes started burning, and his chest was on fire.

A warm sensation, almost like fingers, touched his cock, the anxiety attack almost immediately stopped, knowing someone was now here with him, even though he couldn't see his attacker he felt safe. Morty relaxed himself, as the stranger's hands pulled down the plastic wrap, or whatever it was exposing his groin and bottom. He felt the material slip off his lower half, completely exposed, his cock felt like it was freezing from the chilled air. He could tell someone climbed on the table with him, picking him up in his wrap changing positions from lying down to what he presumed to be cradled. An experienced callused hand pumped his cock, warming it up, they palmed at the sensitive flesh rubbing precum up and down, wetting the member. Lips touched his cheeks, and lips a tongue went into his mouth, the familiar taste of exotic alcohols, and breath mints, he let out a relieved sigh. Morty felt a gooey and sticky thing touching his bottom, a weird syrup substance being massaged into his hole. The feeling of being penetrated went through his bottom. The sensation of a fat cock, back and forth as he was being fucked, just without the pleasure, or really extreme pleasure, again he couldn't tell.

Morty could feel the tongue in his mouth moved around, giving moisture the once dry cavern, he could feel the warmth of something around his waist, squeezing and clawing at the now exposed flesh, his body finally started reacting to the situation, his face heated up, and the notorious tingle feeling of pleasure coursed through his body in waves, stronger and stronger each thrust. Morty tried to throw his head back, but a board like object prevented it, even though he couldn't hear himself, he was sure he was letting out strange moan like sounds, the hole felt warm, and filled, hot liquid entered him.



Rick pulled out of Morty, taking a deep breath and calming himself. He patted the teen's head, he laid down next to his underling's head, playing with the visible curls as he basked in the glow of his orgasm. When he finally caught his breath, he turned back to his table, and grabbed the scissors on the desk. He started snipping away at the tape and plastic the covered the teen. Feeling like a kid on Christmas opening their presents. He took off the mitts that covered Morty's hands and the open mouth gag, followed by the headphones, and lastly the blindfold.

Rick smiled to himself as Morty glared up at his grandfather, forcing himself to sit up. Morty pushed himself off the table, falling to the hard ground below. The scientist helped his underling to a standing position, only to get punched in the stomach. Hard.

Rick Sanchez remembered emptying his flask while sitting at his desk and reviewing blueprints for an updated spaceship, and he remembered going to the kitchen to refill his flask with the remnants of a bottle of vodka. What he doesn't remember is getting back to the garage, knocking over his shelf of time traveling stuff, throwing up on his desk and passing out. He simply wakes to find himself in his wife beater and briefs in his own bed and a pounding in his head. Sitting up slowly and massaging his temples, Rick glanced around his room for his labcoat. Seeing only his pants and shoes he sighed and wondered where he had left it, hoping he had something for his hangover in one of its pockets. Swinging his legs off his narrow bed Rick caught sight of a tall glass of water and a bottle of prescription strength pain medicine. He frowned as he popped a fist full of the oversized tablets in his mouth and downed the water, realizing someone must have helped him to bed.

Stretching as he stood, Rick heard several muscles pop, groaning tiredly and slipping on his slacks. He pulled a fresh blue sweater on and grabbed his back up labcoat, noticing how much lighter it is with empty pockets. Rick shuddered and shook off the heavy feeling of sleep as he made his way to the garage to assess the previous night's damage. He opened the door and heard metal scrape as it was pushed aside, Rick rolled his eyes. "Smartest man in the universe." He grunted irritably at himself and grabbed the nearest upturned box. Rick kicked his stool to the middle of the room and sat down to start sorting through all his junk, refusing to acknowledge the rancid smelling puddle on his desk at the moment.

Morty heard Rick's heavy footsteps over the sound of his video game and hoped his grandfather wasn't too hungover. Rick could be a real pain in the ass when he was sobering up after a heavy bender. Breezing through a familiar level, Morty reached a save point and shut off his console. He traded his pajamas for his favorite yellow shirt and a mostly clean smelling pair of jeans before making his way to the garage to check on his grandfather, deciding to warn Summer if Rick was in a mood. She was stressed enough with her new job as a coffee barista, Morty didn't want her to have a breakdown because Rick was irritable with her after a bad day or something.

Morty listened at the door to see if Rick was slamming things or ranting to himself, but only heard the rhythmic sounds of a broom being brushed against cement. He stepped inside and closed the door behind him, "Hey Rick, ho-how're you feeling?" Rick glanced over his shoulder at Morty and propped the broom against a wall. "I'm fine Morty, buUGHt it looks like I trashed m-my plumbus last night. Gonna have to make a trip- UHRP, a quick trip to the citadel for a replacement. How 'bout a Saturday morning adventure Morty?" He raised half of his brow with a half smile. Rick knew Morty had probably been the one to clean him up and put him to bed, the least he could do for Morty sparing Beth that burden was surprise him with Blips and Chitz. Morty smiled timidly, "Sounds like a pretty tame adventure, heh. But ye-yeah R-Rick, sure." Rick pulled out his portal gun and motioned for Morty to go first. The young teen hopped through, Rick checked for his flask and his wallet and then followed.



Rick did actually need a new plumbus, and every Rick knew the most durable brand was exclusive to the citadel, but afterword Rick would surprise Morty with a portal to Blips and Chitz instead of home. His grandson did a better job of looking after Rick than he could himself, Morty had earned a little fun. When the two arrived at the citadel's hardware store Morty got distracted by another Morty's Snowball and opted to stay outside and pet it. Rick had just rolled his eyes and took a swig of his flask as he entered, more time for him to browse. The Rick at the counter greeted him without looking up from a clipboard, "Let me know if you need help." he said absentmindedly. C-137 snorted and began pacing the isles, picking up a few different models in various colors before settling on a specially coated, black plumbus. He looked around at the plumbus care tools briefly before paying for his replacement and exiting. Rick took a minute to reiterate to himself how much he hated normal errands, but was pulled out of that thought immediately when he realized both the Snowball owning Morty and his own had disappeared.

Panic ebbed at his nerves as he pulled out his wrist watch and flipped through a few screens before finding his radar. A singular dot was pulsing about two blocks away. Rick furrowed his brow, had another Rick taken him? Or did he leave voluntarily? But why would his Morty just walk off, he was usually so enamored with their adventures he usually stayed at Rick's side. Deciding to be optimistic Rick assumed Morty had got caught up with the dog and went somewhere to play with it. He followed the radar a street over and a few blocks down to find himself standing outside a burger joint. "Oh what the hell, kid." Rick shook his head, he'd been abandoned for French fries, of course. Striding inside, hands in his pockets, Rick scanned the dining room from left to right and found his Morty sitting at the bar on a stool facing another Rick. C-137 curled his lip, the stranger Rick had his hand on Morty's shoulder. C-137 had an uncanny ability to recognize his Morty and hadn't been okay with strangers touching his grandson since the Jellybean incident. He forced his face to relax into an expression of indifference and approached the two. "Hey you little shit, n-next time y-you want to di-diURHtch an adventure have some manners and tell me." Rick glared down at Morty who shrank under the reprimand, "Ohh, uh-h I'm-I'm sorry Rick, I just wanted some fries and this Rick offered me his. He's Rick M-43." He stammered.

The other Rick offered the hand that had been on C-137's Morty's shoulder. C-137 stared at his hand before addressing Morty while staring at M-43, "We're leaving." He shot a portal behind them and pointed Morty through. Morty hung his head and offered a goodbye wave to M-43 before jumping through. M-43 waved back and smirked up at C-137, "Seems like your Morty deserts you a lot. Wo-ughnder if he's unhappy." C-137 snarled again, balling his fists at his sides. "All Ricks know they can get new Mortys. But none of them seem to realize that Mortys can just as easily get new Ricks." C-137 narrowed his eyes, "Why the hell would you want another Rick's Morty?" M-43 had an odd smile on his face, "I go through them fast." C-137 raised his brow and stepped back in disgust, "If you're smart, and we both know you're at least as smart as me, you'll stay the fuck away from my Morty." He had one leg through the portal when M-43 laughed, "We also both know Ricks don't give a shit about their Mortys. You let yours wander off. If he wanders back to me who am I to stop him?". C-137 flipped him the bird and stepped through, "What fucking creep."


Morty lay in his room staring at his ceiling boredly. It was a hot Sunday afternoon and Rick hadn't spoken to Morty in over a week. He had thought Rick was just mad because he'd wandered off but Rick had stayed mad a lot longer than usual. Morty couldn't pin down why, and Rick wouldn't stay in his presence long enough for Morty to ask. So here Morty was, sprawled out in his bed, sighing at the thought of spending his day doing absolutely nothing. Well if his Rick was ignoring him then he wouldn't notice if Morty found something else to do. Morty sprung off his bed and pulled open his top dresser drawer. Beneath a layer of his underwear he found a napkin with a strange assortment of symbols, letters and numbers. It was the contact number for M-43's interdimensional cellphone. Morty found his own, an odd looking device his own Rick had put together to get in contact with him in the event of the two getting separated. He punched in the ludicrously long contact information and opened a conversation.

"Hey Rick, this is C-137 Morty. Can I still take you up on your offer for an adventure?"

Morty sent the message and plopped back onto his bed with a huff, why did his own Rick have to be so grumpy? The phone chirped at him.

"You know it, kid! I'll portal over and pick you up. Grab swim trunks."

Morty jumped up and threw his hands up, shouting "Hell yeah!" before grabbing his backpack and stuffing his swim trunks in it. He ran to the bathroom and snagged a towel just in case and returned to his room just as M-43 stepped out of a hole of glowing green light. "Heyy, kiddo!" M-43 offered a fist bump which Morty returned. "Y-yo-youUGHH ready to see the coolest fucking dimension ever?!" M-43 asked excitedly. Morty laughed, "You know it R-Rick! Where are we going?" M-43 handed Morty a pamphlet for what looked like a water park, "A dimension where every form of transportation is a water slide. Th-th-they even have drive thru restaurants for the slides." Morty gaped as M-43 opened a portal and stepped in halfway, offering a hand to Morty, who grabbed his backpack and took it.



Rick sat on the couch, flipping through thousands of interdimensional channels and grunting in disdain that there was still nothing on. Sighing, he decided it was time to make good with Morty and try to find something fun and dangerous to get into. He stalked up the stairs and to Morty's bedroom, knocking loudly and pausing before opening the door, hoping Morty wasn't masturbating. Rick frowned when he found the room unoccupied, where the hell was the kid? He'd been moping in here all weekend. Shrugging he stalked back to his garage to get his portal gun, he'd check the arcade. It's the only other place he knew Morty voluntarily spent his free time.



Morty and M-43 Rick spent hours in the "Water Slide" dimension, sliding by an alien taco hut and enjoying their food in the slower waters of the lazy river ride. The duo only stopped to towel off after they were good and pruney, Morty sadly realizing it was time for him to head back. "We sh-should go o-on more adventures together, Rick, thi-this was a lot of fun, but I like the crazy missions too." M-43 smiled down at Morty as the boy twirled off and pulled his clothes out of his backpack, "Oh so you like danger? W-well I'll have to u-UGHp my game, then." He grinned down at the boy. Morty smiled back and pulled his shirt on. He turned away to peel his swim trunks off and pull on his jeans, "I uh, I do have a question though, i-if you don't mind." Rick crossed his arms but smiled still, "Shoot." Morty buttoned his pants and faced M-43 again, "Wha-what uh, what happened? To-to your Morty?" M-43's smile dropped instantly, "Oh. Yeah uh, I guess that's a fair question. He uh, he had an accident. Goofing off in the garage... One of my inventions fell and-" he trailed off, eyes downcast. "I'm sorry." Morty patted his arm. M-43 smiled sadly, "You're a lot like him. Tha-that's why I was hoping you'd want to hang out. Most Ricks think all Mortys are thUGH same but I know the difference between my Morty and others." He continued, "I never joined the Morty ReUGHssignment Program. I didn't want a Morty to get for-forced to be mine, I-I-I just wanted to find one that needed me." M-43 laughed, "Sorry to get all heavy." Morty shook his head, "No apology necessary. I'd love to go on more adventures with you! I don't think my Rick would even notice I was gone."



Rick watched as a flash of green light opened up a portal in front of him and Morty stepped through smiling, dropping a backpack at his closet. He hadn't noticed Rick sitting on his matress, flask in hand. Morty opened his dresser drawer and stowed his interdimensional cell in its usual spot and kicked off his shoes before he turned to collapse on his bed and saw his grandfather. Rick wore a nasty scowl on his face as he tipped his flask up, "Have fun?" His low tone was threatening. Morty hesitated before straightening his back, "Yea-yeah actually." He said indignantly. Rick stood and strode purposefully to Morty, "I certainly hope so, because you're never..." He stepped closer, "doing it..." He backed Morty against his bedroom door, "again." To punctuate his message he snatched up Morty's left wrist and slapped a metal cuff around it. Morty wrenched himself from his grandfather's grip and slipped under him to escape, "Wh-wh-what the hell, R-Rick! Wha-what is this thing!" "It blocks the creation of portals within a 50 mile radius of you. It also alerts me when one is made, and has a tracking device. Have fun with that." His tone had darkened further and his unwavering voice made Morty's blood turn to ice. Rick gave Morty a deeply satisfied look before slipping out of his room and slamming the door. A few loud bangs came from the wall, "STOP SLAMMING SHIT YOU LITTLE ASSHOLE!" Summer yelled from her room.


Morty was only a few days away from fall break, and though the heat wave hadn't broken, Morty was excited to be out of school for a few weeks. Only a few hours left for today and then he'd be that much closer to his vacation. He had gotten a message from M-43 Rick last night and Morty explained what had happened, and M-43 figured out a way to get the cuff off after asking a few questions of Morty. When the final bell rang Morty got on his bus, quickly pulled out a handful of small tools he'd stolen from shop class from his backpack. Carefully following every step-43 had given him, Morty heard a pleasant "click" and the cuff opened, still blinking it's lights green. He'd been successful! Morty then kicked the cuff under his seat and exited the bus, feeding the driver some excuse along the lines of being sick.

Morty bolted the opposite direction and took a few turns, sending a message to M-43 that he was ready. A portal opened up next to a stop sign in front of him. He jumped through full speed, without a second thought.



Rick was soldering at his desk when his own watch beeped at him. "I fucking knew it." He said aloud without looking at the alert. When he made Morty's tracking device he just knew Morty would contact that other piece of shit other Rick and get help taking it off. Which was why he'd set an alarm for if it was opened, properly or not. And, seeing as how it wasn't Rick that had opened it, he knew it was Morty. Rick looked at his watch after carefully setting down his soldering iron and waited. The radius for the portal blocking was 50 miles, but it could detect the creation of a portal up to 150 miles. The watch beeped again. "Mother fucker!" Morty was gone.



M-43 Rick was crouched around a corner when he motioned silently for Morty to join him. Peaking around the corner and down the hall that separates the two, Morty took a breath and dove across the gap, tumbling into M-43. "Nice, 007," M-43 chuckled quietly. Morty grinned nervously. The two had broken into an alien federal reserve of special elements used for experiments with time travel. M-43 had explained to Morty that he hoped to find a way to change his own timeline and save his original grandson. Though Morty had been told by his own Rick that timelines would split if changed, not continue with the new changes the way it has been, he wanted to believe M-43 could indeed save his old Morty. Their plan had so far gone off without a hitch and only one more set of locked doors were between them and their prize.

M-43 pried a metal plate off the wall next to them and pulled out a fist of wires, carefully selecting a single white one and rerouting it. The doors at the end of the hall slid open quietly. Simultaneously the oddly shaped camera above the door powered down with an audible whine. "Hells yeah, baby!" M-43 said, highfiving his counterpart. They dashed into the now open room and found themselves surrounded by shelves holding various crystals and chemicals in strange colors. "W-wow." Morty looked around them, "How do you know what to take?" He asked as M-43 plucked a single vial of liquid off the farthest shelf. "Been planning this for months. Had to knoUHw exactly what I was looking for in case I had to m-make a quick escape. Let's get this back to my lab." Morty smiled and nodded.

M-43's lab looked like C-137's subterrainian garage add on, Morty thought as he looked around. There were no windows and only one door, a blue glow to the light in the room. But instead of work benches and whacky inventions, Morty sees chains and large, under lit tanks of liquid that resembled C-137's chamber for his "Phoenix" experiment. There was a table with handcuffs attached to it, as well as a small cage in a far corner. This wasn't a lab, it was a dungeon. Morty suddenly felt very homesick. "W-w-well, ugh, good- good luck with your time travel stuff. I-I guess it's time for me to he-head home." He tried desperately not to sound scared but a sinking sensation in his stomach told him he wasn't going anywhere. M-43 put the vial in a cabinet and approached Morty, "There's no hurry, Morty! We sh-should celebrate!" He smiled but it didn't reach his eyes. Morty tried to speak but his throat constricted. M-43 reached out for him, he stepped back and found himself against a wall. Cornered again, Morty used his tried and trusted escape route. As M-43 raised his hand to Morty's throat he drove between M-43's legs and snatched the Rick's portal gun out of his pocket.



Rick was hunched over his work desk angrily programming new coordinates into his portal gun and throwing back shots of a foreign black substance when a portal appeared at his back. He snorted and waited for Morty to come out, surely gloating about his escape of Rick's device. Minutes of silence passed and Rick glanced at the portal, it was completely undisturbed. Unsettled by its appearance and lack of appearance from his grandson Rick frowned and stood, scanning it with his own portal gun. It was exactly where he'd tracked M-43 to. Without a second thought, Rick leapt through it, heart thundering in his chest.



Morty kicked and clawed at M-43's hand as his face reddened and his lungs burned for air. "You pathetic little piece of shit. All you Mortys are so gullible. I have no idea why you are worth so much, buUGHt who am I to question a generously paying buyer?" M-43 chuckled sinisterly. "P-please," Morty rasped. M-43 raised half of his eyebrow, "Hm, I like when you ask nicely." Morty felt his feet touch the floor, the grip on his throat finally loosened. "Since I have you here I might as well make use of you. What'd'ya say? Wanna h-haAHve a little fun before your short life ends?" Morty was gasping for air, head light and knees weak. The portal to his home world was still open, maybe he could make a run for it? He'd need to distract M-43 first... "O-okay...I... I'll cooperate..." Morty said quietly, not certain what he was agreeing to, but praying his plan would come together before the portal expired. M-43 shoved Morty against the glass of one of the preservation tanks and held him there with the full weight of his body. Morty froze as he felt M-43 press his hips against his own, and the horrible realization as to what M-43 wanted became clear. Morty was so panicked he didn't fight as M-43 pressed a sloppy kiss to his mouth.



Rick landed in the dungeon and found Morty pinned to a tank by M-43 on the far end of the dimly lit room. The portal quietly collapsed behind him. As he approached noiselessly the view became clearer, and his blood caught fire. M-43 had his mouth working against Morty's, whose eyes were tightly shut against the scene. Rick silently powered up his 9mm plasma pistol and aimed for the back M-43's head. He took one step to the other Rick's side so the exit shot wouldn't hurt Morty, and said, "I want you to die knowing I'm going to shit on your grave." M-43 turned to face him and Rick fired, blowing the back half of his alternate self's brains onto the floor. Morty collapsed, shivering and crying quietly. Rick knelt next to him, "Are you hurt?" He asked simply. Morty had his face hidden under his arms and behind his knees, he shook his head. "Alright. C'mon, buddy. L-le-lets go home." Rick didn't need a response and with unexpected ease he scooped up his grandson and opened a new portal home.

Rick gently set Morty down on his bed and started unlacing his shoes. Morty was silent as his grandfather pulled his sneakers off and sat down next to him. "Please don't say it." Morty whispered. "You know how much I love telling everyoUHN how smart and right I always am," Rick started, putting a hand on Morty's back, "but I don't want to right now." He sighed. This only made Morty feel worse. Tears streaked his face and he tried to wipe them away inconspicuously. Rick squeezed him in a small hug, "Do you want to watch some interdimensional cable?" Rick offered. Morty nodded and sniffed.

Rick stayed with Morty until he was fast asleep, and waited even longer to make sure he didn't have nightmares. The bruise around his throat was blossoming and it made Rick's skin prickle angrily. He carefully removed himself from Morty's bed and shut himself in his garage. He wished he'd just kidnapped that other Rick so he could have tortured him some. He sighed and rubbed his eyes, trying to clear his mind of the image of the alternate Rick harshly kissing his grandson. The pair of balls on that piece of shit! His fists balled and he tried to redirect his thoughts to his work. It took several hours of mindless tinkering to calm his nerves. The next time Morty was ready for an adventure he would take him somewhere safe and fun. Like a Morty daycare or something....

Morty slept restlessly, though he didn't have nightmares. Instead he was punished with confusing dreams that pooled a sickening heat in his groin. His subconscious kept revisiting M-43's kiss. Though it was rough and loveless, and despite Morty being afraid for his life, he'd felt himself get hard against the alternate Rick. His dreams would last longer than the event, supplementing what may have happened, where M-43's hands may have wandered. Morty would wake up in the early hours of the next morning sweaty, confused, and shamefully aroused. He skipped breakfast that day.

Rick was worried the experience with M-43 would scare Morty away from him for a while, but thankfully that was not the case. Morty had actually doubled the amount of time he spent with Rick. If he'd learned anything this last week, it was that Rick was indeed always right, especially about his selves, and that the safest place in the multiverse for Morty was with his Rick. They'd not yet gone on a new adventure but Rick was happy just to have his science buddy again. Morty would spend hours in the garage with him, handing him tools and holding flashlights for his grandfather. The rest of the time they would sit on the couch, usually just the two of them but occasionally with Summer, watching tv and marveling at how they could get bored with infinite channels.

It was the second week of fall break when Rick offered to take Morty to Blips and Chitz, with some trepidation. "I-I think w-we could both use a day out." Rick shrugged. Morty seemed anxious but determined, "Y-yeah, no joke. I'm-I'm in, dawg." He put on a brave face but Rick could see his fear. Rick pulled a watch out of his pocket, "I, uh, I made this fUgh-for you. Not a cuff, just a watch. E-Easy way to keep uughp with me, or get my attention,if- if you need it." Morty took the offered device and looked it over in fascination, "It l-looks just like yours, R-Rick! Thank you." He smiled up at his grandfather, who in turn ruffled his hair, "Wha-whUght can I say, Morty? Grandpa got style." He shot a portal in front of them and jumped through, Morty followed with a laugh.

This time around the trip went wonderfully. Morty let Rick show him how to hack Roy 2, and they were able to win hundreds of tickets between the two of them. They managed to play every single game at least once, and downed dozens of chicken wings. Rick even let Morty have some of his beer. It only took a sip for Morty to get a good buzz, which provided plenty of entertainment for Rick. After the day burned out they finally portaled home back to the garage. Rick emptied his flask and sighed contentedly as he collapsed into his work chair, "W-well, M-Mor-Morty? Am I awe-ugh-some or what?" Rick raised his brow. Morty rolled his eyes, "The most awesome." He laughed. He hugged Rick, "Thanks. For helping me feel better." Morty said quietly. He knew Rick would give him a hard time for being all sappy, but he really wanted to be appreciative of what Rick had done for him. To Morty's surprise, Rick hugged him back, "You're welcome. Y-yo-you little dweeb. You know I'll take care of you. As long as I'm still kicking." Rick chuckled. Morty relaxed into Rick's lap tiredly. Rick was slightly shocked with Morty showing this much affection, he thought for certain he'd embarrassed Morty past the point of being able to do so.

Rick stroked Morty's curls distractedly as he fell asleep in Rick's lap. Rick sighed and carefully adjusted Morty's arms around his neck and slipped his own under Morty's lap to properly support his weight. Standing very carefully, Rick made his way out of the garage and up the stairs into Morty's room. As he carried the small frame of his grandson he felt Morty shift his weight against him and make a small breathy sound in his sleep. Rick felt his shins hit the side of Morty's bed at the same time he felt Morty roll his hips. Rick nearly dropped the boy. What the fuck, kid? So sexually starved you hump anything with a heartbeat in your sleep? Rick thought irritably. As he gingerly leaned over to put Morty on his bed another quiet sound came from Morty's slightly open mouth. This time it was Rick's name.

Rick took a step back as his mind processed what he just heard. Morty was pitching a hell of a tent in his pants and he'd said Rick. This was beyond Rick's comprehension. Was Morty attracted to him? Or was it M-43? The idea that Morty enjoyed being violated by that bastard other Rick made his blood boil. He decided it was a coincedence. Morty was probably dreaming about Jessica, or some other redhead - knowing their shared taste in women - and his conscious brain knew Rick was holding him, and the words got crossed. That's what it was. Morty was not dreaming of fucking around with his own grandfather. Rick just had a sick mind. Yeah. That's it.


As much as Rick wanted to forget about that night he couldn't, and to his dismay Morty seemed to be more comfortable around him than ever. Probably because I didn't laugh off his show of emotions, this is exactly why don't let yourself feel things, Sanchez! Rick cursed himself. He was a very strong willed man, willful enough to accomplish anything he wanted on a whim, but he had no self control either. And if there was one thing he could now be certain of, it's that he needed to pray Morty does. "So, Rick, wha-whats on the agenda for-for today?" His grandson's voice reeled him back into reality. "Oh uh, well I have aUuhp, an appointment with a... Client... in Citadel territory. I'm spending a lot more time there lately than I want to but it's a safe place to do the dirty work of some inside trading when it comes to unstable substances." Rick shrugged. "Is this another Krombopulus Michael situation?" Morty gave him a sideways look. Rick didn't look at him, "Do you want the truth or do you want me to lie so you don't have another existential crisis on me?" He sighed. Morty glared, "Never mind Rick, you go. I'll stay here and hang out with Summer or something."

Rick waited for Morty and Summer to be laughing together as they left the house for ice-cream before he let his guard down. He may have exaggerated the circumstances, but he really needed space from Morty. He was petrified of doing something to accidently arouse Morty, or worse arouse himself. The thought of having any kind of relationship beyond that of an alcoholic grandfather and an anxious needy teen with Morty had never crossed Rick's mind before. Not that he was naive, he knew about the Creepy Morty in the Citadel, and who their real customer base was. He knew other Ricks abused their Mortys and took advantage of them. But Rick had never felt that way, he'd never wanted to do anything to hurt his grandson. Yeah he's been an enormous asshole to him on several occasions, but it was in Morty's best interest to believe he didn't mean much to his grandfather. If Morty believed it so would other Ricks and Mortys, and that protected him.

Opening a portal to a bar in the citadel, Rick stepped through, head still swimming with sinful thoughts. He dropped into a booth and waved a waiter over. "Scotch on the rocks." Rick said, "and keep 'em coming." The waiter nodded and disappeared. After his first few glasses another Rick came to his booth, "C-137?" he asked. Rick sipped his drink, "Who wants to know?" The other Rick offered a hand, "A-087, the pleasure is yours I'm sure." C-137 cackled, shaking the offered hand. "Oh no, buddy. It's yours. You're in the presence of a genius." The two laughed and A-087 sat across from him, "So, how's your dimensions family?" C-137 shrugged, "Morty got kidnapped by some shit eating moron who didn't know better than to fuck with the rogue. I repainted his lab with his brains. You?" A-087 gave him a meaningful look, "A stranger Rick tried the same bit with my Morty, but got cold feet when I unloaded a few plasma rounds into his ass. Portaled out before I could grab him. Has your Morty said anything about it?" C-137 didn't answer right away, he hadn't really asked, but Morty usually came to him with these things on his own. "Not yet." There was a strained silence.

A-087 broke it at last, "Well you know how to find me if you need me. Do you have the money?" He pulled out a plastic bag covered in tape. C-137 nodded, revealing an envelope stuffed with some sort of currency. The two trade at the table, "There's just something about the weed in your dimension." C-137 smelled the bag before stuffing it in his inside labcoat pocket. A-087 laughed, "Ain't the fucking truth." The two spent several hours talking and drinking, letting the day slip away. When last call came the two stood and said goodbyes before portaling to their home worlds.

Rick hadn't realized how drunk he'd gotten. Citadel alcohol was much more potent, as it was made by Ricks, for Ricks. He accidently portaled into the hallway outside his room instead of actually in it. Inwardly grateful the rest of the house was asleep, Rick shuffled past Summer's room, and then Morty's, towards his bed which he was praying he'd make it to. It was the most unfortunate of luck that he'd been outside when a gasping plea came from Morty's room. Rick froze, his initial reaction to check on his grandson, hand flying toward the bedroom door handle. But he stopped short of grabbing it when a whimpering moan followed. Rick pressed his ear to the door and could make out the wet sounds of Morty masturbating. To Rick's dismay he felt the heat in his gut sink below his belt and settle between his legs. No, we're not doing this, Rick! Get a fucking hold of your sick as fuck self! He mentally shook himself and started to back away. On the other side of the door, Morty had reached climax and cried out, "O-oh fuck, Rick!"

Morty was panting loudly after his orgasm, terrified he'd woken up Summer with his last little outcry. His ears were on high alert as he listened for any sounds of being overheard. After straining for a solid minute he decided he was safe. He shifted on his bed, now desperately thirsty. Only two steps from his bedroom door he heard the floorboards creek suddenly and a shadow moved outside of his door. Someone had been listening. Morty's heart sank and he wrenched his door open to see who it was, and hopefully lie his way out of whatever grave he just dug himself. The hallway was empty, but he saw Rick's door snap shut. "Oh geez, no!" Morty cried under his breath. Rick now knew his darkest secret, and Morty feared he'd just destroyed the only father-figure relationship he could ever hope for.

Rick kicked his door shut and fell against it, face buried in his hands. He heard Morty approach his door, and locked the handle swiftly. He'd had sex with innumerable aliens of indescribable gender, race and age. There wasn't a living, sentient thing he knew of that he hadn't fucked, and never had he felt shame for his lust. Yet here he was now, drowning in shame for the first time in his life, over his desperate want. Hearing his name called from such a small and trusting voice had stirred a painful but powerful desire that engrossed him in fear. Fear of destroying his grandson's childhood, of destroying his relationship with not only Morty, but Summer and Beth, of destroying Beth's trust in him and ruining the little family she had left. Rick was so deep in his tumultuous lust and terror that he didn't hear Morty timidly call his name.

"Gr-grandpa Rick?" Morty's voice shook noticeably. He got no response. He wrung his hands and rolled his bottom lip between his teeth, reaching for the door handle before withdrawing his hand defeatedly. "Uh, Rick? Are-are you u-up?" Morty didn't get a response, but he heard a quiet sigh from the other side of the door. "R-Rick, we-we need... I need to-to talk to y-you." He knocked gently as he spoke, hoping he could fabricate a believable scenario to explain why he cried Rick's name while pleasuring himself. There was no reply, but he could hear Rick stand. Without opening the door, his grandfather replied in a deliberate tone, "No. We don't." Morty stepped away from the door, eyes stinging and throat burning.

Rick dropped onto the side of his bed with a sigh, digging the butt of his palms into his eyes as he fell back onto the mattress. "God fucking dammit." He sighed, tensing his calf muscles in hopes of drawing blood away from his throbbing erection. After several minutes he managed to cause a cramp, but was still hard enough to cut diamond. Rick pulled his shoes off and kicked them and his slacks aside. He let his labcoat fall to the floor with a thunk and pulled his sweater over his head before he laid out on his bed. His aching dick stood defiantly straight as he forced his mind to recite the chemical make up of the fuel used in his spaceship. Rick refused to entertain his desires, cursing his unmatched stamina as he felt several more minutes pass and still he was fully erect.

Morty's legs were aching but he was rooted to ground outside Rick's room. As scalded by Rick's words as he was, he needed to see his grandfather, he couldn't lose him now that his dad was gone too. He had heard Rick undress and lay in his bed but there had been complete silence since then. Morty wondered if Rick was asleep already or laying in bed, too disgusted with his grandson to sleep. After what seem like an hour had passed, he sat himself against the wall next to Rick's bedroom door, knees pulled to his chest. Morty was feeling himself pulled back into the depth of sleep again when he finally heard something. A stifled groan from Rick. His ears perked up and suddenly he was wide awake.

Rick had lost the battle. No great claims had ever been made by his part that he had strong self control, and his small built up reserve dwindled quickly once he'd locked himself in his room. Perhaps it was because he felt safe here. In the privacy of his own room he could accept his shame drenched wants and give in to his sinful thoughts without the horrific possibility of hurting his only grandson. A thin layer of sweat gathered on the surface of his skin as he reached under the band of his briefs and released himself. He began gently stroking the length of his cock as deplorable ideas filled his imagination. Rick pictured what Morty had been doing when he was overheard, where his small fingers may have wandered to, or how he'd react if he had the opportunity to fulfill his desires. His right hand gradually increased it's pace 'til Rick was furiously working his clenched fist over his dick, left hand buried in his hair. He tried to stifle an exhausted and satisfied groan when he reached his climax, covering his hand and stomach with thick strings of cum.

Morty realized Rick had been masturbating the entire time he'd been outside his door and felt a strange satisfaction in it. Was it possible Rick had been thinking of Morty? It seemed to likely for this to be a coincidence. He had to know if it was the case, he'd do anything to find out how Rick felt about him, but how could he get the truth? Rick was a steel trap when he had a secret, but Morty knew he had inherited a keen ability to manipulate others from his mother and father, as unhealthy as he knew it was. Standing and quietly shuffling back to his bed, Morty developed a plan. If there was any one thing he knew for certain about his Rick, it was that he was jealous. Morty just needed to know who his unsuspecting cohort would be. As he shimmied under his blankets, still soaked in sweat, he realized who the perfect subject would be to get under the skin of his grandfather. The only other man with any power over his life; Jerry.



Morty woke bright and early the next morning to help his mother make breakfast, and suggest she invite Rick to a "family" breakfast with both of them and Summer. "Morty! That's a great idea! We haven't all sat down for breakfast since Summer started working," Beth clasped her hands together before grabbing Morty and kissing the top of his head, "You're so thoughtful, Morty. I love you." He beamed at his mom, a small sliver of guilt wedged itself in his chest but he decided to feel bad later. His plan required Rick to at least be in ear shot, and Morty had a feeling his grandfather wouldn't voluntarily make an appearance until he's decided an acceptable amount time had passed to blanket their awkward encounter.

Rick woke with a start, his daughter's voice calling from outside his room. "Dad?" She knocked quietly. Rick groaned as he stood, body aching and head feeling swollen from the last night's drinking. He pulled his bathrobe over his wife beater and briefs before opening his door, "Yes, sweetheart?" He did his best not to sound irritable from being woken. "I made breakfast, and was wondering if you would join me and the kids for breakfast?" Rick had a chill come down his spine, Morty, he thought. But if he started avoiding him now it would be suspicious to more than just Morty. "Y-ye-yeaugh, o-of course. Just uh, ju-just let me get dressed." He smiled tiredly at her. She smiled back widely and disappeared down the stairs. Rick scrubbed his hands over his stubble and dressed himself slowly, trying to shore up his asshole facade so he could shut Morty down should he be too forward about the previous night.

Morty didn't look up from his pancakes and bacon when his grandfather entered the kitchen. He had waited 'til he'd heard Rick's footsteps at the top of the stairs before he began wolfing down his food comically. Beth had rejoined her two children at the table and was talking to Summer about her job. "I mean not to toot my own horn but I am the best barista there. There was never a question to who Mr. Durham was going to promote." Summer was wearing a smug grin as she spoke and Morty couldn't help but be proud of her. She had been able to balance high school, adventures with Rick and Morty and her job with impressive patience. "You-you earned it, S-Summer!" He said between mouthfuls. "You really did, Summer. I'm so proud of you honey." Beth agreed. "While Ew, I don't enjoy seeing your half chewed food - please swallow before talking little bro - thank you,guys. It feels good to hear it from you." She replied, gently punching her brother's shoulder.

Rick had managed to be seated at his plate of food during the exchange and was pouring whatever was in his flask into his orange juice. Morty cleared his plate and stood, "Hey-hey m-mom, can I, uh can I be excused? I wanna hurry up and go see Dad." Rick flicked a quick glance at him before shoveling down his pancakes. Morty didn't miss the look he'd been shot. "Sure, Morty, go ahead. Give him a hug for me, okay?" Summer added, "Give him one for me too! Tell him I'll text him on my next day off, okay?" Morty smiled and nodded, "Al-alright. I'll be back to-tonight." He waved to the room at large and left the house. Rick stabbed his fork into his final pancake, lip upturned and eyes narrowed. Fucking Jerry.

Rick considered going on a solo adventure, or just getting wasted off planet, but he found himself stuck at home with baited irritance waiting for Morty to get back. He kept expecting Morty to return abruptly, angry or upset over some typical Jerry idiocy. He'd come back and beg Rick to make the day better with an adventure or some shit. Jerry wasn't capable of not screwing up. Or so Rick wanted to believe. But when Morty had told Jerry he wanted to avoid Rick for a while it had given his father the confidence boost he needed to take a risk. Jerry had gone above and beyond to impress Morty, taking him to an arcade that had laser gun battles, buying him lunch and a milkshake, sharing a beer with him at Jerry's new apartment before bringing him back in the side car of - So fucking "Jerry", a god damned electric scooter. Rick gritted his teeth. Beth had made it a point to fill Rick in on every detail of how wonderfully different Jerry was now. His stomach swilled with hate.

Morty returned home only half as excited as he pretended to be. He's loudly told his mom about his whole day, how glad he was he got some good father and son time and that he'd been way over due for real emotional bonding. Morty played video games in his room 'til Beth was done making dinner, and even found the balls to knock on the door to the garage to tell Rick to come eat. At the dinner table Beth recounted her day at the Veterinary Hospital, and while Rick did his best to grunt in reply to keep her under the impression he was listening, he couldn't help but notice Morty was getting a lot of text messages. He let Beth finish her story before addressing his annoyance the only way he knew how. Like an asshole. "M-MoOUrghty don't you th-think it's a little rude to text at theugh dinner table?"

Morty had been waiting for this, shocked Rick had waited so long to say anything. "O-oh I'm-I'm sorry... I-it's j-just that I got someone's n-number today who I've really liked for a while a-and... " He blushed, voice trailing off. "Morty that's wonderful! Who's the lucky girl?" Beth patted his hand. Rick was staring intensely at Morty, pancake forgotten on his fork, still hanging in the air. "Uhm, well, i-its not exactly a-a girl..." Morty hesitated, looking at his mother with a shy grin. If Beth was surprised she hid it well, her face simply softened and she rephrased her question, "Who's the lucky guy?" Rick dropped his fork and stood so fast his chair nearly flipped,"Excuse me." He dead panned and exited the room before he could be scolded. Morty forced his expression to reflect hurt and shock, "M-mom?" Beth squeezed his hand, "Don't worry about grandpa. I'll talk to him."

Rick slammed the garage door shut and kicked the nearest thing. Whatever it was it shattered into glittering dust. Of fucking course he'd been wrong. It wasn't his name Morty had called out. It was just some other piece of shit human with the same name. For as many of himself as he knew there to be, he forgot how common his name was. How could he have let himself get so carried away with his thoughts? Was he really so jaded from all the years he'd spent fucking everything he met that he could only get his rocks off to his own flesh and fucking blood? He quickly polished off a bottle of booze and cracked open the cap of another. Rick Sanchez was a broken mother fucker, but this was too much for him.

Morty sat in his room texting a friend from school he had indeed gotten the number from today, but was by no means interested in. The two had shared bullying experiences since they'd been in public school and had a similar sense of humor. This helped a lot when Morty asked them to help him make someone jealous. If having a great day with his dad didn't push Rick past his limits, his next idea would. As awkward as it would normally have been for Morty to ask another guy to purposefully give him a hickey, he knew it would push all the right buttons for Rick.

"You sure you don't care man? I know it's weird but it'll work." Morty texted his co-conspirator.

"Anything to help one of us get out of the V zone." His friend replied

Morty grinned and thanked him, setting a time for the following night. He couldn't sleep in anticipation that night, so he masturbated to the thoughts of how tomorrow might play out.



Morty spent the next day watching tv with Summer and talking about their last adventure out together. It worked out beautifully in Morty's favor that Rick chose this time to sneak from the garage to the kitchen for something. "Speaking of adventures, mom told me you have your own adventure planned tonight with your mysterious new boy toy." Summer raised an eyebrow at Morty with a sly smile. Morty laughed lightly, "Heh, yeah I -I guess so." Summer leaned toward him, "Well, what's the plan? What are you getting into later?" Morty rubbed the back of his neck and finger combed some of his curls, "Well we were gonna just go grab some burgers at the diner and go to the drive-in for a movie. It's the anniversary of some horror classic he said I need to see."

Rick rolled his eyes and scoffed, grabbing a box of Simple Rick's wafer cookies. "This isn't actually our first date, I-I just was to scared t-to tell you or mom." He heard Morty tell Summer. How long had that little bastard been hiding this from him? Why had he hid it from Rick in the first place? Rick was the last person to judge another over sexual preferences. He didn't have a foot to stand on. "Seriously? How long have you been seeing him? When do we get to meet him?" Summer pressed excitedly. "It's been a few we-weeks now... I guess I can see if he'd want to come back tonight." Rick accidently slammed the cabinet door shut. Like hell if he'd let some stranger in his house. Or let some random ass guy touch all over his grandson. He thought he'd made it clear who was in charge of this place when he got back from prison. Apparently Morty didn't understand just how high up the patriarch Rick was.

Morty left that afternoon before dinner and wasn't back to join them when it was served. Rick had waited several hours after eating for Morty to return but he didn't. When midnight rolled around Summer even went to bed instead of staying up for Morty to dish out the dirty stuff upon his arrival. Rick flipped through the screens on his watch and found Morty's coordinates, and decided to make dramatic entrance via portal gun rather than fly. He was going to teach his asshole grandson some manners.

Morty waited 'til it was two minutes past midnight, the movie rolling through credits at the drive in. "Oh-okay, he'll probably be here soon. We should get started." Morty said, messing his hair and wrinkling his clothes. His friend followed suit, laughing, "You realize how ridiculous this is?" Morty chuckled too, "Yes but Rick is a larger than life guy. It takes stupid, over the top drama to make him do anything." Morty waited for his counterpart to take of his shirt and turn the heat in the car on before tilting his head aside. "Jesus it's hot as hell. We'll be convincingly sweaty in no time." Morty's friend said, leaning in toward Morty and wrapping his lips on Morty's exposed neck. "I hope so. Maybe it'll steam up the windows too." Morty suggested. His friend laughed into his neck, the vibration tickled. "Glutton for punishment," his friend lisped as he spoke through the bite. Morty giggled at the vibration from his voice, "I guess so." But it wasn't only Morty's voice that spoke this time.

Rick had found the car without effort, it was the only one left. The windows had fogged but he could still easily make out Morty's yellow shirt, which was being pulled aside by some Neanderthal in the driver's seat. He must have been nineteen or so, obviously older than Morty. Rick had opened the door and over heard the last exchange before they realized he was there. There was a dangerous fury to his eyes as his hand shot into the car and snatched a fist full of Morty's collar. "You're coming home." He snarled harshley, yanking his grandson out of the vehicle and dragging him through a portal. From the car, Morty saw his friend trying to catch a glimpse of Rick, only getting a fog obscured view of his back.

Morty felt his pants tighten as Rick forcefully sat him at his desk in the garage, purposefully placing his hands on the desk on either side of Morty. His face was twisted with rage, "What the fuck was that." Rick hissed. Morty instinctually shrank in on himself, he knew his submission would improve his odds of success. "Wh-what do-do you m-mean, Grandpa Rick?" He stammered quite convincingly, pulling the hem of his shirt down on the side where he hoped he was developing an impressive hickey. Rick's eyes flicked to his neck and Morty could have swore they turned red for a fleeting moment. "More specifically, what. The fuck. Is that?" His face only inches from Morty's now. Morty swallowed instead of answering, feeling himself harden more. This was it, he was either gonna get disintergrated or he was finally going to get what he wanted. At the moment his dick told him it would be worth it.

Rick felt like he had acid burning in his lungs and stomach. The sight of the purple bruise growing on Morty's neck filled him with a rage he hadn't felt in a long time. Rick locked eyes with Morty and stared him down, searching for answers as to why he'd betrayed his grandfather. Keeping secrets, running around with Strange Ricks and strange boys behind his back. When did Rick lose control? It was that thought that finally made him act. Ricks don't let their Mortys get away with shit like this. Ricks are alpha males, and he was about to make that unfailingly clear.

Rick grabbed Morty's throat and forced his head back, angling his face perfectly for Rick to smash their lips together. Morty jumped under Rick when their mouths connected, he squirmed a little, as though trying to escape his grasp. Rick felt his dick stir, his resolve was gone and so was his sense. His other hand came down to Morty's thigh and he hoisted him onto the desk, rolling his hips in between Morty's separated legs. He was intrigued to find Morty was hard as well. Rick wondered this was left over from his little make out session from earlier. The idea fueled his delusional rage and sexual frustration. He growled into the kiss and thrust his growing erection against Morty who whimpered under him. The sound pleased Rick immensely. He opened his mouth and slipped his tongue into Morty's with ease, both hands now sliding to his belt. Morty didn't pull away, either out of fear or confusion, Rick didn't know. But just as he freed himself from his fabric confines Morty started sucking on his tongue gently. Rick would never admit it but he almost came from the sensation. Morty's mouth and lips were so soft and smooth it was unholy.

Shaking his head to regain some cognitive thought again, Rick broke the kiss and grabbed Morty by his wrists, forcing him onto his knees in front of Rick. He released his straining erection, enjoying how good Morty looked like this. "Suck it." Rick's voice was cold and dangerous. Morty didn't argue, he opened his mouth and wrapped it eagerly around Rick's length, swallowing down most of the dick in his first try. Rick felt his knees buckle, he propped himself on the desk with one hand for good measure. Using his free hand to guide Morty's head he found a good rhythm and pumped his throbbing member into the small mouth. He moaned loudly, wanting desperately to cum now but wanting more so to drag this out as much as he possibly could. After indulging himself a few more minutes, Rick pulled Morty off his dick with a small pop sound. "Stand up and face the desk." Rick demanded. Morty stood up, blushing furiously as he wiped his mouth on his sleeve, "No! Ri-Rick what the h-hell! Y-you know if Dad found out-" He knew he had to keep pressing or Rick might chicken out, but Morty never got to finish his empty threat. Rick's eyes caught fire and he wrapped his fingers around Morty's throat, throwing him onto the desk on his back. "You know, I was going to let you face away. So you could pretend it wasn't happening, or that it wasn't me. But now I'm gonna make you watch." Rick had an icy tone that caught the attention of Morty's dick, which was uncomfortably hard now.

Rick actually ripped Morty's pants off. The sound of tearing fabric was loud in the small space of the garage. Morty submitted again and pulled his shirt over his head, looking away from Rick. "You should be grateful I waited this long. Hell you should be grateful it's me. It could have been any of the other asshole Ricks you like to wander off with. Could have been that pathetic little boy you were letting climb all over you." He sneered as he pulled a bottle of lube out of his desk drawer. Best thing about alien lubricants, they work just as well on tight assholes as they do mechanical parts. Rick coated himself with a few slow strokes as he watched Morty squirm, before he pushed Morty onto his back and slipped an index finger into his small puckered hole. Morty gasped loudly and whined, "Rick pl-please," he cried. Rick pushed in another finger and stretched the hole wider, "Please, what, Morty? Please let you get raped and murdered by some random fucking Rick because you wanted some god damned french fries? Please let you talk about your piece of shit dad, who can't protect himself from me, much less protect you from me? Please let you have your first time with a stranger who you never asked me if you could date? A stranger you hid from me?" His voice lowered as he spoke. "Tell me, Morty. Please what?"

Morty had done his best, he'd tried so hard, to play his part and be the victim Rick wanted him to be, but now he couldn't stop shaking, his dick was twitching against his stomach as Rick used his free hand to hold up Morty's legs. Morty felt Rick curl his finger and his whole body tremored uncontrollably. That must be his g-spot, Morty couldn't help himself anymore. "P-please fuck m-me, Rick!" he stuttered, bucking himself against Rick's fingers. Morty felt them withdraw instantly but before he was able to sit up and beg more he felt something enormous against his entrance. Rick rocked his hips once and slid the full length of his cock into Morty, moaning without restraint as he filled the tight hole. Morty felt like he was freezing but also sweating to death, his limbs shook and felt weak and he grabbed blindly for anything to hold onto. Rick grabbed his arms and pinned them down above his head, "Oh so you fucking want it?" Rick looked down at Morty, grabbing both his wrists with one hand so the other could stroke the dick between them. Morty didn't answer but he spread his legs further and bit his lip, watching Rick thrust into him with vigor. "I hope you had a good time with your dad because you're not gonna get to do that again. You're going to be my little fuck toy from now on, you understand me? If you want to see your dad he can just watch."

Morty felt both of their erections twitch at those words, he wanted more. "He-he'd stop you," Morty argued half-heartedly. Rick threw his head back and laughed, "You think that pathetic excuse for a homosapien could stop me from fucking his son? He'd probably apologize for interrupting and offer to get a towel. And if he dared to try? I'd cuff his worthless ass to my work bench and make him watch while I fucked you 'til you screamed my name." Rick was so horny and so furious he couldn't tell which was driving his dick deeper and deeper into Morty, who couldn't contain himself anymore and he cried out as he came. Rick felt Morty's muscles contract and his asshole squeezed Rick in all the right ways, he came just after Morty. As his blinding rage subsided Rick suddenly became accutely aware of what he'd just done. He was balls deep in his own grandson, who lay shivering and naked infront of him, on his desk.

Rick pulled himself out and zipped his pants, disappearing from the garage before Morty had even caught his breath. He sat up and looked around disappointedly, Rick had left in a hurry. Morty pulled his shirt on and grabbed his trashed pants before making his way to his bedroom. He needed that to happen again, and soon.



As expected, Rick disappeared for several days after his encounter with Morty, probably off planet drinking himself into oblivion. Morty knew it was only a matter of time before his grandfather returned, however, and he had his mind made up. He was going to corner Rick and confront him, regardless of how he may try to avoid it. Morty returned to school with great disinterest, sleeping through most of his classes and doodling on papers through others. His first day back he'd skipped a period to meet up with his friend from the drive-in whose actual name was Thomas, and caught him up without too much detail. "So how are things with you now that you sealed the deal?" Thomas had asked. Morty scowled and didn't answer. He'd gone a whole school week without seeing or hearing from Rick, and his mood was declining fast.

Rick stumbled through a portal onto his bed, head spinning as he collapsed in a drunken stuper. He hoped Morty would be back at school by now and too embarrassed to address what had happened. Rick was choosing to believe Morty wouldn't have told Beth or Jerry in fear of losing his grandfather despite everything. They're attachment to each other was so unbelievably unhealthy. Rick passed out fully clothed, drooling on his pillow as he felt fear start to sink in. Mercifully his unconscious mind was unable to punish him in his sleep.

Morty returned home and dropped his backpack in his bedroom before making his usual check in on Rick's room. He'd been checking every night for nearly a week, but was shocked when this time he found the room occupied. The air reeked of alcohol which was unreasonably comforting to Morty. He was just glad Rick actually came home, having been growing a fear that this time he may not. If Rick was drunk he'd eventually stumble downstairs to hydrate and find some alien snack to fill his stomach after he threw up whatever inebriating drinks he'd consumed. Morty wanted to catch him off guard and knew exactly how to do it.

The sun was disappearing from sight quickly when Rick finally came to life. He sat up without opening his eyes and groaned, stomach gurgling unpleasantly. Rick was just able to trip and fall knees first at his bedroom trash bin before he unloaded his guts into the plastic bag lining it. He wanted to sleep for a day or two, and eat, and shower, but he also didn't feel like doing any of those things. Sitting on his bedroom floor a while longer, his stomach made the decision for him. He was starving and he needed to eat something. Stripping his unwashed clothes and pulling on his robe, Rick slipped out of his room and down the stairs toward the kitchen, thoughts engrossed entirely in his options for food in his special cabinet.

Rick had temporarily forgotten the rest of the family even existed, so he was surprised when heard them all eating dinner together. More disturbing still was when a fourth voice opened a new conversation topic. "So, son, I noticed you have some fashionable new bruises. Is there a story to them? A dangerous adventure with Beth's father or-" Jerry was cut off by Beth, "Jerry can we please not?" She spoke severely. "I was just wondering, I wasn't pointing any fingers!" Jerry put his hands up defensively. Rick was halted at the doorway to the kitchen, slowly sobering mind trying to process at full power and failing. "Oh uh, no, dad. They're not f-from an ad-adventure... It's sort of... Personal?" Morty didn't look up from his food. Rick felt a wave of satisfaction wash over him, his grandson wouldn't sell him out for the world. "Personal how, son? Did you do it to yourself?" Jerry queried, gesturing with his spaghetti noodle covered fork. "Ugh, dad can't you tell he means it's from his new boyfriend? Jeez you're so oblivious." Summer rolled her eyes and continued eating her dinner as she typed away on her phone. Rick furrowed his brow. Were the bruises his work, or had Morty acquired new ones?

Refusing to be barred from the kitchen by Jerry's presence, Rick strode in wordlessly and opened up his designated cabinet, selecting his box of Eye Holes. The table had grown uncomfortably quiet all of sudden. Rick forced himself not to laugh. Opening the fridge looking for milk, he addressed the house guest. "How you doing Jer? Morty had a r-really good time wi-with you last week." Jerry looked at Beth and then Morty, confused. "Uh, yeah... We had a really great day. Nice to have some father and son time with my boy." Jerry smiled slightly. Morty did too. "Th-that's good. God knows I don't hugh-have the stamina to keep up." Rick dared to flick his eyes at his grandson and was rewarded with an angry, embarrassed glare. He couldn't stop a satisfied grin from spreading his lips. "Well he is a teenager, Rick. That might have been eons ago for you but my son has energy for days. It would probably take two or three of you to wear him out." Jerry laughed at his own jab. Rick chuckled darkly, still staring down Morty. The latter broke the gaze to look fretfully at his father, but Rick agreed, "You're right Jer, I'll have to keep that in mind."

Morty finished his food and excused himself from the table as Jerry and Beth decided to share a bottle of wine. He followed his sister upstairs as she went to bed, but bypassed his own room and made a bee line for Rick's instead. The door wasn't closed all the way, which Morty knew to be an invitation. Rick kept his room closed off whether he was in it or not at all times, he must be expecting Morty. Opening the door slowly, Morty held his breath, not at all sure what to expect from his grandfather. Rick didn't look up from his food, stretched on his bed with his bowl on his stomach, as Morty entered and started to close the door behind him. "Leave it open." Rick said matter-of-factly. Morty obeyed. Rick set his food aside and swung his legs off the bed, untying the belt on his robe. "W-w-we need to-to talk, a-about that night, Rick." Morty sounded confident. Rick didn't like that. As Morty approached the bed, Rick grabbed his wrists and examined them. There were whispers of bruises on the surface of his skin. Wrapping his long fingers around the small limbs, Rick confirmed they were indeed his marks. As was the splotchy yellowed and fading bruise on Morty's throat. Rick smirked, "Kneel." Morty did, inspite of himself, "R-Rick, c'mon..." He pleaded. "We'll talk later." Rick said dismissively. Morty frowned, but before he could argue his head was forced down. Rick pulled his robe open and revealed his erect prick to Morty. "I know I don't have to tell you what to do." Morty licked his lips and slid them over the pulsing dick without hesitation. Rick hummed happily and closed his eyes, waiting for part two.

Jerry and Beth said goodnight before she went to bed and Jerry went upstairs to stairs to say goodbye to his kids. Jerry knocked lightly at Summer's door but got no answer. He frowned and moved on to Morty's door, but still got no answer. He sighed and hunched his shoulders, wishing he could just crawl into bed with Beth. Realizing it was time for him to go before he overstayed his welcome he straightened his back and turned for the stairs, but an audible moan came from the last door in the hall and Jerry turned back. It was Rick, he must have some interdimensional prostitute in there. Why couldn't he at least shut his door? Knitting his eyebrows together angrily he made to close the door to shield his children from the sick sounds coming from their grandfather's bedroom, but when he arrived at the threshold what his prying eyes beheld made stomach bile flood the back of his throat.

Rick saw Jerry appear in the door way and he leaned back to offer a better view. Morty was lost in the rhythm of sucking off the enormous cock in his mouth and was aware of none of it. Jerry entered the room and opened his mouth when Rick made eye contact. His leer stole the words out of Jerry's mouth and he raised a hand over Morty, showing off his lacking use of force. Jerry's pale face tinged green and he covered his mouth. Rick groaned as Morty took an impressive extra few inches down his throat, "Mmm, you're pretty good at this, Morty. I almost don't believe I'm the only one you've done this for. Did you get practice while I was off planet?" He asked without losing eye contact with Jerry. "Uhn-uh" Morty choked out as he kept his pace. Rick smiled maliciously, "Do you like sucking me off, Morty? Do you wanna swallow Grandpa Rick's cum?" Morty hummed, "Mhm." Jerry backed away, "You understand now, Morty? This is my house." Rick ran a hand through Morty's curls as tears slipped down Jerry's face. "You're my Morty. You're mine for adventures, mine for fucking. Mine." He snarled. Morty hummed again and took the entirety of Rick's dick, the sudden enveloping of warmth sent Rick over the edge and he bucked into Morty's mouth as he came, groaning loudly, Jerry fleeing the room at the sight.

Rick caught his breath and pulled Morty off him. "Go to your room." He said shortly, pulling his dirty clothes on. Morty swallowed, wiped his mouth, and started to argue but hesitated. Things were going better than he expected, maybe he should see how things went? He sighed and trudged out of the room behind Rick who was already halfway down the stairs. "Wh-where are you going!" He called. "To prove a point." Rick laughed. Morty waited for more but no more came. He yawned, realizing how late it was now, and remembered he had school the next morning. He shut himself in his room and passed out in minutes. Downstairs Jerry was crying on the couch when Rick found him. "What's eating you?" Rick smirked and unscrewed the cap from his flask. "How could you do that? To your grandson?!" Jerry sounded hysterical. Rick looked down at him smugly as he sipped his flask, "I didn't do anything, Jerry. Your son did."


Morty sat on his bed, anxiously awaiting Rick's appearance. After returning home from school, his grandfather had met him at the door and had ordered him to go to his room and stay there until Rick came and got him. The look on his face deterred Morty from challenging him, but also made him nervous. Tense and impatient, he bounced his knee and drummed his fingers on the frame of his bed. Morty had been sitting in his room for just under an hour when a portal opened up in front of him and Rick stepped through. The portal closed and Rick took a moment to peel what looked like bloody surgical gloves off his hands before addressing his grandson. "Mo-urghty, we n-need to ta-aghlk," he started. "That's wha-what I've been s-saying!" Morty interrupted. Rick raised a hand and silenced him, "I need you to-to tell me eveUrhything that M-43 said to you."

Morty groaned and fell back on his bed, "Th-this again, R-Rick, seriously? C-come on!" Rick shook his head, "No Mor-Morty, I-I'm pretty certain I've established m-my ownership. I don't give a shit i-if you think you can have fun with other Ricks, you're mine whether y-yo-you've accepted that or not. But what happened with you and him wasn't a self contained event. It's happened before a-and I n-need to know why." Rick rested his fists on his hips and waited. Morty sat up, looking shocked, "What? Wha-what do you mean? This has happened to other Mortys?" He looked fearful. "Yes dum dum that's what I said." He rolled his eyes, "Y-you know sometimes I doubt we're even in the same gene pool." Morty bit his bottom lip, "Rick- he said someone had paid for him t-to-to...." Morty didn't finish his sentence, but he didn't have to. Rick felt his initial rage return. The sight of M-43 having Morty pinned had blinded him with fury but knowing someone else had gone so far as to pay an estranged Rick to lure away and kill his Morty made his hands clench tight enough for his short, broken nails break skin.

"We're going back to his dimension, graAugh-grab you're shit and l-let's go." Rick turned around and dialed in the coordinates on his gun. Morty stood but didn't move, "Rick, I-I don't want to go back the-there." Rick glanced back and saw his grandson twisting his hands together in distress. Rick sighed heavily, striding to where he stood and kneeling in front of him, "M-Morty you trust me don't you? I-I know I fuck up a lot, a-and I know I've gotten you in some dangerous shit before, but I always come back for you, don't I? I always look out for you, right?" Morty hadn't seen his face this solemn in a long time. He swallowed and nodded, "Ye-yeah, I guess so..." Rick put a hand on his shoulder, "You-you're going in wi-Ugh-with me this time, and we'll bo-both be ready." Morty felt his neck and face redden with the proximity of Rick's face to his, he nodded.

Rick was the first through and was glad for it. Despite his threat, he never actually buried M-43, so there he lay, rotting and putrid smelling, in the middle of the dungeon lab. Morty came through behind Rick, who used the side of his lab coat to shield his grandson's face, "ShuUGHt y-your eyes, Mort." Rick didn't elaborate but Morty wretched at the smell and did as he was told, "I've seen de-dead bodies before Rick..." Rick looked back at him over his shoulder with an irritated face but Morty didn't open his eyes. As Rick approached the body he felt his nose burn with the smell of dead flesh as it broke down he tried to find any clues as to who this Rick had been working for. Morty decided to face the opposite direction and open his eyes. He remembered the room and determined he had his back to the liquid chambers, where the body of M-43 likely lay decomposing. Morty would let Rick investigate that side of the room.

Morty started pulling drawers open in the desk and rifling through papers and strangely familiar gadgets. He found plenty of blueprints for what looked like various torture devices but wasn't seeing any obvious evidence of who or what had hired M-43. As he looked carefully over the desk he found a false bottom in one of the drawers. "H-hey Rick, I-I think I found something..." He called without risking a look. Rick didn't reply. Morty glanced his direction and curled his lip in disgust. Rick was picking through the blood and bile soaked labcoat pockets of his other self. He'd flipped through his wallet, his hidden pockets and finally settled for scanning M-43's portal gun. As he waited for the results he made his way to the desk, "Wh-wha-what did you saAgh-say Morty?" He asked, staring at the screen on his own gun as it sorted through every single dimension M-43 had been to the last six months. "This drawer, it has a f-false bottom." Morty pointed to the bottom left drawer. Rick raised half his brow and stowed his gun, fishing out what looked like an alien swiss-army knife.

Rick made short work of the lock with a self-satisfied chuckle and grabbed every file and loose paper out of the drawer when a portal opened up across the room and three figures stepped out facing away from them. Using the sound of the portal extinguishing, Rick quickly shut the false bottom drawer and grabbed Morty, yanking him into his lap under the desk in one swift motion. "Ugh, well I-URP I guess that answers our question. Dumbass is dead." Rick's voice spoke, but it wasn't Morty's Rick. "If he was caught we need to take measures to ensure the survivor doesn't get word out about this operation." Another Rick said. C-137 squeezed his fingers tighter around Morty. "Well c-come UHP on. Let's go call the clean up team." One of them said, followed by the sound of the creation and subsequent extinguishing of a portal again. Rick peaked out from under the desk and realized they were alone. He quickly fired a portal home and shoved Morty through, jumping in right behind him, "God fucking dammit."



"What do you mean one survived? Which one?" A small figure in a tall chair faced away from the trio of Ricks dressed in Citadel uniforms. "M-43 failed to complete his assignment and it seems the Morty he was hired to dispose of escaped. We have reason to believe his Rick was involved." The chair swivelled to face the Citadel Ricks, "Which...one.. " The Ricks all glanced at each other, "C-137." One of them said. The seated figure stood, upending his chair, "Then why haven't you brought me his body!" The speaker demanded. "I'm sorry Mister President, C-137 has somehow barred portal activity in his occupied dimension." Another Rick spoke up. President Morty placed his hands on his desk, "Then we'll need to lure him out."



Rick paced the garage, fists balled as he tried to calm his nerves so he could put together a plan. Thankfully he'd had the fore thought to activate his interdimensional travel dampener the second he and Morty had crashed through the portal, but it wouldn't last forever and it wasn't a permanent fix by any means. He needed information, which he had in the form of the documents from the other Rick's desk. Flipping open the folder, he spread all of the papers out on the floor and sat down, cross legged, to look over them. Morty was eating dinner with Beth and Summer so Rick had the lab to himself. Rick shook his head as he leafed through all the documents his other self had left behind. What idiot kept important information on paper anymore? M-43 must have gone off the deep end a long time ago, for whatever reason. Any sensible Rick knew better than to keep any damning evidence in a rigged set up to self destruct in case it was found. This was just sloppy.

Rick was through almost every shred of paper when he found a list of dimension coordinates. Next to each was a check mark, and at the very top was C-137, without a check. Rick furrowed his brow and looked for any similar pages, finding only one other with similar printing. It looked like a payment history, always the same amount from the same company. This was what he was looking for, a trail to follow. He folded up the papers and slipped them into his labcoat pocket as he grabbed a bag from his shelves and started packing devices and weapons. Once fully prepared, he made his way upstairs. Rick and Morty were going to find the asshole behind this and obliterate them.

Morty was laying in bed, wide awake, hoping to hear footsteps before he fell asleep. He wasn't even sure he could sleep. How many Mortys were being killed by Ricks like M-43? How many more would die before this was stopped? His thoughts roared like a raging sea while he rolled onto his side in his bed and tried to sleep. Morty just wanted things to be simple again, he wanted to have a repressed lust for his grandfather that he refused to acknowledge. He wanted to go on adventures that were stressful and dangerous but only on a normal level relative to their other adventures. He didn't want this, some existential and far reaching looming threat. Morty's thoughts hadn't calmed when he heard Rick coming up the stairs. He sat up hopefully.

Rick didn't bother knocking, opening the door and throwing his bag at his grandson, "I hope y-yo-ou're ready MUgh-Morty. This is some serious shit we're about t-to, that we're getting into." He looked grim. Morty shouldered the bag without question, "Let's get this over with, Rick. I-I don't wa-want this t-to-to keep happening to other Mortys." Rick raised an eyebrow down at him, "We might be gone a long time, kiddo. Y-you sure you're re-urp-ready for this?" Morty looked up at him and nodded, "I'm sure." Rick lead him back to the garage where he opened up a portal before loading the both of them and their supplies into his ship. With one last glance at his lab, Rick powered up the ship and guided it into the portal. He prayed to whatever god there might be that his defenses would hold up around their dimension until they returned, for Beth and Summer's sake.

The ship touched down on a brilliant lapis lazuli planet, in what looked like a grassy field of blue instead of green. Rick climbed out followed by Morty, "We're going to leave the ship here so we can still get home if everything goes to shit. We're only a small portal jump away from our destination, but I can get more power cells for my portal gun here so we can make as many jumps as we need if we get caught. I loaded us up on supplies but I have a feeling we're about to get in the thick of it. Let's get started." Morty nodded, "What do we do first?" Rick motioned for Morty to follow. They hiked over a mile 'til a small cave came into view, illuminated by a familiar but faint green light. "See that cave, Mort? There's a ton of crystals in there that can be broken down to power my gun." Rick lead him inside as Morty looked over the walls, mouth hanging open in awe. "W-wow Rick, i-it's beautiful." Rick smiled, "Yeah I thought so too the first time I saw it. Now it just looks like batteries to me." He plucked a few handfuls of the luminous crystals out of crevices in the cave walls.

"Y-you let yourself get s-so jaded." Morty remarked as he turned one crystal over in his hands, noticing how it felt like it was humming. "I know, i-i-it juUGHst comes wi-with the territory. I've been e-everywhere, seen Urhp everything, it's hard to appreciate anything anymore." Morty felt his mind wandering into less productive territory. As foolish as it seemed, he really wanted to know what the crystal tasted like. He glanced over at Rick who was still collecting from the walls before carefully slipping his tongue around the foreign glowing mineral. It shocked him but also tickled somewhat, like putting a battery on your tongue. He smiled and spat the crystal back into his palm, noticing his tongue was still illuminated. It seemed to have left glowing residue in the pours of his tongue. This gave him a terrible idea.

Having crammed every crystal piece into his bag that he could fit, Rick was happily adding a crystal to a small device to convert it to a cell for his gun when he felt his belt loosen. He looked down just in time to watch his pants drop, see Morty open a green glowing mouth and take his flaccid length into it." Ugh- oh fuck, " Rick whimpered at the overwhelming sensation and staggered," M-M-Morty, we-we d-don't have time f-for... " He moaned instead of finishing his mild reprimand. "A-alright smartass, finish up and let's get out of here." Rick failed to look even remotely irritated. Morty looked up at him with a clear sense of self satisfaction, carefully sucking Rick to a full erection. Rick felt his temperature rising and as much as he enjoyed seeing Morty on his knees in front of him, he had something better in mind.

Rick gently stopped Morty's motion and pulled him off, "L-lose your pants, Morty." He smiled down at him. Morty obeyed, undressing shyly. This was their first sexual interaction that wasn't immediately fueled by Rick's anger, Morty felt much more self conscious without the twinge of fear. He'd barely pulled his briefs off when Rick grabbed his hips and picked him up, pinning him against a smooth part of the cave wall. Morty wrapped his legs around Rick's waist. Rick wiggled his middle finger in front of Morty's mouth who took it in and sucked on it without a second thought. Rick pulled it out when he decided it was good and wet, and carefully inserted it into Morty's waiting asshole. Morty shuddered and took a deep breath, clenching his eyes shut as he tried to relax into the massaging digit. Rick was more patient this time, gingerly adding another finger, and another as Morty adjusted. "That's it, Morty. Just relax, I'll be gentle." Rick said quietly. Morty had a growing erection as he was stretched, he bit his bottom lip.

Slowly pulling his fingers out, Rick readjusted and guided the head of his dick to Morty's waiting entrance. Rick pushed slowly, drawing out the sensation for Morty, who gripped Rick's shoulders as though he were falling off a cliff. Morty gasped as Rick inserted himself his full length. After giving him a few moments to catch his breath, Rick grazed his teeth against Morty's collarbone and began thrusting. Morty gasped and moaned, digging his nails into Rick's shoulders. "Mm, you like this?" He breathed into Morty's ear. The heat of his words sent a shiver across Morty's skin and he nodded. Rick gradually quickened his pace, licking his way up Morty's neck and sucking on the bottom of his ear. "Cum for me, Morty." He spoke softly but his voice was ragged with his breathing. Morty felt his groin tense and he came harder than he ever had before. Rick watched as Morty came and let himself reach climax after, releasing himself in the soft warmth of Morty's walls. He caught his breath and gently withdrew himself and let Morty back down on his wobbly legs. "I hope you're pleased with yourself, you little shit. " Rick smiled at him.


Rick and Morty portaled off the beautiful blue planet and into what appeared to be an alley between two abandoned buildings as the city around them darkened. Rick put his back to one wall and glanced around the corner. "O-okay Morty, we're gonna have to lay low 'til my connection shows up. There's one other Rick that's gone through the same shit that I can somewhat trust. He said he knows which way to point us." He said as he started trying to find an unlocked door into one of the buildings on either side of them. "A-087 said he'd give me info, but he won't get involved. I have a feeling this is a pretty deep mess we're charging into." Rick explained as he found a loose door handle. Morty furrowed his brow with concern, "When is your contact supposed to meet us?" Rick looked at one of his several watches, "He should be here by now." He angled the handle of what appeared to be an abandoned bar and applied pressure. The door creaked open and the two slipped inside.

No sooner had the words left C-137's mouth did A-087 drop from a portal in the ceiling, blood blossoming over his lab coat as he fell face first to the floor. "Rick!" Both C-137 and his Morty exclaimed, scrambling to his side. "Ugh Christ. Listen, C-137, we both know this is fatal. I'm gonna skip to the important part- you're next. Your Morty is next, he's priority number one, but I don't know why. This goes deep. You can't trust anyone. No one." A-087 coughed clotted blood and mucus, choking through his words. "Don't sit around and watch me die, get the fuck out of here and stop the assholes doing this." A-087 spat irritably as he bled out. C-137 grabbed Morty's wrist and stood, aiming his portal gun at the floor next to them, but as he fired the portal appeared and collapsed instantly. "What the f-" C-137 was interrupted by the sound of the windows and doors crashing in around them with splintering wood and shattering glass showering C-137 and Morty. "Don't bother, your portal gun is being jammed," Another Rick spoke, a dozen citadel Ricks surrounding the duo. A laser gun hummed to life as it was aimed at the back of C-137's head.

Morty felt his Rick's fingers squeeze his wrist before releasing it as the two stood slowly, raising their hands above their heads. "Rick Sanchez from Earth dimension C-137, you and your Morty are responsible for the destruction of the Citadel and its Council. You're being taken into custody to stand trial for the homicide of over a hundred Ricks and Mortys during the attack on the Citadel." One of the Citadel Ricks spoke as two others activated laser handcuffs that buzzed angrily around the wrists they restrained. "Who can hold a trial if I murdered everyone in charge?" C-137 snapped. The leader of the Citadel Ricks looked down at C-137 smugly, "Our new leader. He's dying to see you both again." The other Ricks heaved C-137 and Morty onto their feet and ushered into a waiting portal. Morty shot C-137 a confused look, to which he just raised half his eyebrow and shrugged. They stepped through and found themselves standing in a familiar yet foreign Citadel Central Tower. C-137 and Morty looked all around at the new building, and Morty noticed the Citadel Ensignia had changed. He glanced at his Rick to mention it but hesitated when one of the Citadel Ricks escorting them scowled harshly at him.

Their escorting Ricks took C-137 and Morty to an elevator in the center of the tower and pressed one of two buttons, sending the lift up the entire height of the tower. It took over two minutes for the ride to end and the elevator to slow to a smooth stop. The doors slid open to a dimly lit corridor with a single set of doors at the very end. "Ooh, a poorly lit hallway. Very threatening." C-137 threw his cuffed hands up and rolled his eyes. The Citadel Ricks followed them to the set of doors and opened them but remained outside. "What, Bad Ass new Leader Rick doesn't need armed guards?" C-137 said sardonically. The Citadel Rick that made eye contact with C-137 and grinned, "Trust me, we'd all love to watch what's about to happen. But the President requested privacy with during his meeting with you." He chuckled darkly as he pulled closed both the doors and the shut with a loud snap. C-137 Rick looked at his Morty, "Don't worry Morty. Everything will be fine."

"Those were the last words you said to me, Rick." Morty said. But it wasn't his Morty, the voice came from the other side of the room. Rick and C-137 Morty stared at each other before looking down the length of the room. A long table of empty chairs lead to a single taller chair, where the speaking Morty was seated, dressed in a black suit and red tie. Rick felt the cuffs stop buzzing and his pair fell off with a thunk. He approached slowly, "Who the hell are you?" The Morty at the table laughed, finger tips pressed together delicately. "You're old, Rick, but surely your memory isn't so poor that you've forgotten me?" The suited Morty stood and stepped around the table. C-137 Morty followed his grandfather timidly. Rick furrowed his brow and frowned. "You couldn't have forgotten your first Morty." President Morty wore a coy smile.



C-137 Morty looked at President Morty and then his grandfather. Well, who he's always thought was his grandfather. Was this Morty telling the truth? Was Rick not his Rick? "Very funny, short stuff, but your typical Hollywood plot twist bullshit isn't gonna fly" Rick folded his arms and leaned his weight on one leg. "Don't worry, Grandpa Rick, you'll catch up." President Morty walked over to a small cabinet and poured two drinks, a dark brown liquid over a few ice cubes in short glasses. Rick moved to accept one but the President offered it to C-137 Morty instead, "My apologies, Morty. I hadn't even greeted you. How have you been doing? You look well, even a little taller." The President smiled at him over his glass. Morty took the glass in his cuffed hands but didn't drink from it. He simply stared at the President, minding working over time trying to place the Morty before him. "Oh, you won't need those either." President Morty looked at the cuffs, uninterestedly. The energy arch ended abruptly and they dropped to the floor.

Morty stared intensely at the President, eyes roaming his face carefully, "Oh.. Oh jeez. Y-yo-you...I remember you." C-137 gasped. The President smiled kindly, "I knew you would. We always recognize each other. Mortys can distinguish between all other Mortys. Ricks could too, if they cared to try. But we care, we know each other by name, dimension, and quirky, unique characteristics." President Morty pulled a chair out for C-137 and sat down across from it, Rick standing behind them with his arms crossed, looking terse, but remaining silent. C-137 sat down, holding his drink and staring open mouthed at the President, "H-how...how did you get... Here?" C-137 guestured to the room around them. President Morty leaned back in his chair, "I just had to learn to take control. Ricks raised us to think we were nothing but shields. Told us we were 'as dumb as they come' and that we're sidekicks." Rick scoffed behind them to no one's notice. "But then I found my voice. I found confidence to make use of technology and science the same way Ricks do. And then I started telling other Mortys that they could do the same. I gave them value, and they gave me power."

"The one thing a Morty doesn't need." Rick hissed, striding over to them, "I don't know who you think I am, but I'm not your Rick." He stated firmly. "You really think so, Rick?" The President looked at him with a calm visage. Rick hesitated. "You don't remember the day you abandoned me? You were so adamant about the importance of the Megaseeds... Until we were cornered by carniverous gigantiphibians." President Morty broke eye contact with Rick to look at C-137, "Portaled off planet," he snapped his fingers, "Like that. I thought he was going to get a weapon. Or get help. I thought he'd come back." The President looked back at Rick with an easy smile, "He didn't." C-137 looked from the President to Rick, hoping for an answer. Rick furrowed his brow, and seemed to have had a revelation, "No. I didn't, I didn't come back for you, you psychotic fuck." Rick spat. The President raised an eyebrow but didn't falter, "I'm sure it's easier to supplement your memories than accept you failed at something. Thankfully I survived the attack, and was found by another Rick. It didn't take long for me to make good use of his lab and of him."

Rick rolled his eyes again, "What, did you turn him into a meat suit and start wearing him to get elected?" C-137 looked at Rick, then to the President, "W-wait, w-we-were you the one in charge? Th-the whole time?" President Morty almost looked proud. He nodded, "I was. You're the only one to figure it out alone. I can see why the others claimed you to be the One True Morty." Rick was lost and irritated, "What the hell are you two talking about?" He interrupted. C-137 looked at him, "Rick, this was the Morty that was with the Rick that kidnapped us, and all those other Mortys. He puppeteered his Rick, the Morty shield we saw around their lab was his doing... B-but why? Why would you do that to them? To us?" Morty looked at the President with sad eyes. "Because it would have happened anyway. If Mortys are going to be used like tools it might as well be a Morty to profit from it. And profit I have." The President stood and offered a hand to C-137, "But I could use your help. You could be a part of the shift in power Mortys have so desperately wanted."

Rick looked from C-137 to the President. Their gaze was powerful and thick tension hung in the air. "What if I refuse?" C-137 asked quietly, looking into his glass. The President put a hand on his shoulder, "Nothing." Rick interjected, "My ass! You can't honestly expect us to believe you've gone through all this trouble just to let us go." C-137 looked annoyed at him before answering, "If that's so then why did you hire M-43 to kill me?" President Morty smirked, "I wanted to see if you would kill him in defense. But you didn't. You're the One True Morty, you don't resort to violence the way others do. You truly want to save everyone." He looked at Rick, "My question for you, son, is will you save the Rick you thought was your own, knowing he's lied to you all this time?" C-137 slowly turned to Rick, heart sinking into his stomach as he realized the gravity off the revelation. Every special moment, every sacrifice, the timeline split- when Rick gave up his collar for Morty, Rick turning himself into the Federation to let his family go home to Earth, coming back to help him save the telepathic gas that Krombopulos Michael was hired to assassinate, the Jellybean incident. None of it was because Rick loved him, it was because Rick had guilt weigh heavy on him for already failing his Morty. His eyes filled with tears and he looked at the floor.

Carefully following the change of emotions on C-137's face, Rick realized his grandson was buying into it. "God dammit Morty stop! Stop listening to this twisted bastard! You're reconsidering every single second we've spent together because one unstable Morty went on one adventure with me before you! He's not my 'original' Morty, he's not my 'first' Morty, he was the Morty that I took on my first Megaseed trip because I was afraid to take you. I didn't want you to get hurt, Morty!" C-137 looked up at him, "But this crazy mother fucker put us in the path of danger on purpose, he lured those monstrosities after us because he likes to watch Ricks die!" The President laughed, "What Morty doesn't? After everything you put us through? Making us slaves, experimenting on us, using us as shields, using us as bait. Ricks are self destructive. I just helped guide the worst of them to their own demise."

C-137 Morty stood, setting down his untouched drink. "I don't want to join you. I want to go home." His voice was much more steady and confident than he felt. President Morty nodded and strode back to his seat at the far end of the table. He pressed a button on a console built into his arm rest and a sound came from within Rick's labcoat. "Your portal gun is no longer being jammed. You may leave whenever you're ready." He said, settling into his seat and facing the window behind him. Rick looked at C-137 for an answer, but received nothing. With a backward scowl at President Morty, Rick opened a portal back to the ship and followed his Morty through.


Rick didn't attempt conversation when they got back to the ship. Or on the flight home. It wasn't until the two were safely back home in the garage that he tried to coax conversation out of Morty. "Ar-are you okay Morty?" He asked to his grandson's back as he made to leave the garage. "I'm fine, Rick." Morty dead panned. Rick grabbed his shirt by the back of his collar, "I'm serious Morty, I want to talk about this, I can already tell you're taking this hard." Rick pulled him back and turned him by his shoulder to face him. Morty didn't meet his gaze. "We're fine Rick, there's nothing to talk about." He replied quietly, shrugging Rick's warm hands off his shoulders. Rick furrowed his brow, "Don't do this Morty. We both know I'm emotionally constipated enough to repress plenty on my own, I can't let you start doing the same dumb shit as me." Rick knelt in front of him, forcing Morty to meet his eyes.

Morty tried to blink back tears but they spilled down his cheeks anyway, he swallowed a burning lump in his throat. With a steadying breath, he met Rick's eyes, "Tell me the truth. Tell me all of it. Who am I to you?" Rick frowned and gently cupped a palm to Morty's cheek, thumb brushing the tears away. "Morty you're my grandson. Biologically, Dimensionally, and intentionally. Our first adventure together was the Megaseeds harvesting. I wanted to take you but I was worried you wouldn't be safe. I needed a Morty to hide m-myself from the Federation, so I dropped by the Citadel and found a Morty to volunteer. That little creep was all for it, I should have kn-known there was something wrong if he was fine being pu-put in a dangerous situation. But I was desperate so I l-let it slide. Everything went fine until we came across the gigantiphibians. I-I was ready to avoid them entirely, fi-find another way down to the Megatrees. That asshole had other plans. He snuck off while I scoped out the place. He-he took one of their offspring, Morty. He took one of their egg sacks and slipped it into my labcoat pocket." Rick looked at Morty with apologetic eyes. "I realized why they were after me, and it wasn't hard to put together- to f-figure out he'd done it. So I ditched him, the homicidal prick."

Morty looked at his grandfather but said nothing, trying to process what he'd said. President Morty didn't dispute the fact that he killed Ricks. But the residual pain of the confrontation was thick on his skin, and he didn't know how to segway out of this. Rick did it for him, "Morty wh-why'd he let us leave?" He asked with a distressed glint in his eye. Morty swallowed heard, "Because... He knew he'd put a w-wedge between us. That's what he really wanted. To make me miserable, and useless to you... And he knows I won't try t-to stop him." Rick paused, "What do you mean?" Morty sighed frustratedly, "I don't think he's doing anything wrong, Rick. I don't like that he's killing Mortys b-but he's working for the greater good. He's making a place for Mortys in a world of Ricks." Morty turned away to head to his room, waiting for Rick's backlash. "Morty, he did-didn't put a wedge between us."

Morty paused at the garage door and looked back, surprised Rick wasn't drilling him about his support of President Morty's activities. Rick was worried about them, not everyone else. His heart throbbed with a confusing combination of love and pain. He was relieved to know he was really Rick's Morty, but doubt had already nestled in his chest of whether or not he believed Rick. His sadness coupled with his fear and choked his emotions, leaving him feeling empty and numb. "I need to get some sleep, Rick." Morty turned away and disappeared through the doorway. Rick sighed, trying to determine if it was best to give Morty space or to check on him. Who am I kidding, I'm not even physically capable of leaving him alone. Rick rolled his eyes at himself and followed Morty.

Morty tread his way upstairs to his room and opened his door, closing it quietly behind him. He stalked over to his bed as he shed layers of clothes, shirt, shoes and then jeans. Falling into bed with a grunt, Morty shimmied under his blankets and rubbed his face on his pillow, trying to ease his mind so he could hopefully get a few hours in. He exhaled an exhausted sigh as he found a comfortable position on his stomach, hands supporting his head under his pillow, when he felt a weight on top of him. Its warmth surrounded him and compressed him into his bed, not uncomfortably. "You-you're not going to bed like this. N-not after everything I've done, a-as far as I've gone to show you how undeniably mine you are." Rick whispered into Morty's ear. The warm breath sent a shiver down his spine, and Morty felt his body respond to the attention against his will. "Rick we need sleep. We-we can talk tomorrow." He tried to sound convincing, but wasn't certain he succeeded. Rick dipped his tongue into the crook of Morty's neck, "I'm not tired." Morty definitely failed to contain his reaction to the hot wet sensation on his skin, squirming under Rick.

Rick hummed a satisfactory noise feeling Morty's ass wiggle against his groin. "You've been mine since day one, Morty. And you have been the only Morty to have all of me." Rick rolled his hips against Morty's ass, feeling himself harden as he thrust up. Morty whined into his pillow, frustrated at how easily Rick distracted him, and how quickly his own dick reacted to the attention he was receiving. "You-you know we're not the only ones that know what I've done to you." Rick pulled the blanket down off Morty to run his hands down Morty's back. He slipped the tops of his fingers into the hem of Morty's underwear. Morty hummed in response. "The night you came to my room, after you had dinner wi-with your family?" Rick pulled the briefs down, fingers grabbing Morty's ass cheeks firmly. He continued, "While you had your perfect little m-mouth wrappped around me," Rick pulled his cheeks apart, grinning wickedly at the pink hole before him, "Your father walked in on us, and I made him watch." He admitted with horrific pride as he slipped his tongue against Morty's exposed entrance. "You what -!" Morty cut himself off with a gasp, Rick pressing his tongue into Morty with skill. He worked in a few fingers before withdrawing, purposefully stretching the hole in perpetration for his dick. "I wanna do it again." Rick moaned as he stroked himself into Morty's asshole without warning.


Morty balled his fists and spread his legs as Rick entered him, gasping weakly as the head of Rick's dick brushed against his prostate. "Ooh, R-Rick..." he cooed, angling himself up against Rick's pelvis. Rick laughed and squeezed Morty's hips, "Mm, you liked that?" He thrust into the sensitive spot slowly and purposefully. Morty's legs tremored, skin prickling with goosebumps as he pumped the length of Rick's erection into and out of him. He found a steady pace and kept it, his own dick swelling quickly with desire, which he moved a hand to relieve when he felt Rick withdraw his entire length suddenly. "What-?" Morty turned to see the cause of the loss of contact.

Rick was staring down at him with an aggressive look. Before Morty could open his mouth, Rick grabbed his wrists and flipped him into his back. With a quick movement four metal arms snaked from each bed corner and latched onto Morty's limbs, "Rick! Wh-what the hell?" He protested to no avail, he was entirely incapacitated. A familiar smug look crossed Rick's face, "Well, Morty, I think I need to remind you who has the final say in our relationship about your meaning to me. You let that other Morty get into your head too easily, and everything about you belongs to me. Including your thoughts." Rick's dick throbbed as he spoke, kneeling over Morty as he grinned down at him. "Wh-wha-what are y-you going to do?" Morty fretted as Rick leaned back on his legs. "Nothing." Rick smirked. Morty grimaced, "R-Rick! Y-y-you can't! Don't l-leave me like this!" He cried as his own cock leaked between them. Rick stood and shrugged, "I won't." He laughed as he left the room.

Rick slipped down the hallway to his room silently, searching his closet for his box of toys. After only a moment of digging he found it, and selected a choice few accessories to take back with him. As an after thought he grabbed a box of wet wipes from the bathroom before returning to his grandson's room. Morty was pulling against the restraints in such an enticing way, Rick knew he wouldn't be able to contain himself long. Dropping his tools onto the foot of the bed, Rick repositioned himself over Morty, "C'mon Rick, please jus-just do something!" He begged, arching his back as he tried to make contact with any part of Rick he could reach. Rick laughed and leaned away as he lubed his fingers, picking up a small dildo and coating it as well, "I'm going to have my fun first, Morty." He slowly inserted the silicone toy's short length and left it there. Morty whined loudly, "I-its not big e-enough!"Rick laughed harder, "Oho. I've spoiled you haven't I, kiddo?" Rick stroked his generous length in front of Morty, a tantilizing few inches between the heads of their dicks.

Morty clenched his asshole around the small toy, desperate for any sense of being full. It only made him yearn for more. He tried thrusting against Rick's swollen, red cock but he'd only pulled away with a chuckle. "Pl-please Rick, give me something! I-I need it!" Tiny glistening droplets of sweat gathered on Morty's brow as his heart pounded in his chest. He could feel his face was flushed and his wrists and ankles were aching uncomfortably against his straining in their bindings. Morty couldn't stand this much longer.

Rick placed a knee on either side of Morty's ribcage and leaned up against the wall with one hand. His other guided his dick to Morty's face, brushing it against his lips, "Be a-a good boy, Morty." He had dropped his tone several octaves. Morty complied right away and opened his lips, rolling out his tongue for Rick to slide in on. When the head of Rick's pulsing cock hit the back of Morty's throat he wrapped his tongue around the shaft and tightly sealed his lips on it. Sucking as hard as he could, Morty created an intense pressure as he pulled his head back. Rick grunted appreciatively and threw his other hand onto the wall as well to steady himself. "Mm, fuck yeah, Morty. Ungh, you suck grandpa so well." Rick moaned as the soft inside of Morty's cheeks and tongue massaged his cock. "Good boy, Mo-ugh god yes. You must be horny, huh Morty? Sucking me down so hard." Rick looked down at him. He nodded his head, slowing down slightly to look up at Rick with a begging gaze.

With some hesitation, Rick pulled himself out of Morty's silky, wet mouth and returned to the foot of the bed, much to Morty's chagrin. Rick slowly withdrew the small dildo and Morty wriggled hopefully. Rick halted his movement with a hard stare before slowly wrapping his long fingers around Morty's dick. Morty sighed in relief as he was pumped lazily, satisfied to have any contact at all. Rick leaned down and took Morty into his mouth, moving his tongue over the head and then down the back of his shaft as Morty cried out and moaned without reservation. Stroking his own member, Rick gave Morty a few more moments of pleasure before releasing him, to which Morty protested, "G-god dammit, Rick! S-stop teasing me!"

Rick laughed, "Did you want something, M-Morty? If you n-need something, al-all y-you have to do is ask." His smug grin inflamed Morty's impatience but before Morty snapped at him, he changed pace. Morty decided to play Rick's manipulative game. As much as he'd love to tell Rick 'just fuck me already!', he knew the fastest way to get what he wanted was to play his usual role, Rick's favorite submissive partner in crime. Morty leveled with Rick's gaze, "Please, Grandpa Rick... I need you inside me." He begged quietly, squirming ever so slightly against the metal arms pinning him to the bed. Morty saw the devious expression overtake Rick's face and felt deep satisfaction in the reaction he got. Rick chuckled to himself darkly, "Oh, Morty. What have I done to you..." He was hoarse with lust, pooling a generous amount of lube onto his erection and lined himself up to Morty's warm ass hole. "You've learned how to get exactly what you want from me." He thrust himself into Morty harshly, "Ugh, f-fuck... Y-you're my one weakness." Rick admitted as he pulled himself out and thrust in again as deep as he could fit and exhaled a satisfied groan. Morty bit his lip and tightened his muscles around Rick, whining and panting as the pace quickened inside him. Rick felt the extra pressure surround him and he felt his balls seize up. He came against Morty's prostate with enough force to trigger Morty's orgasm. They came down together, breathing heavily until their heart races slowed. Rick withdrew himself and released Morty, handing him the wet wipes before laying back onto the pillow with an exhausted sigh. Morty tenderly cleaned himself and stuffed the dildo, lube and wipes under his bed before snuggling up next to Rick and passing out. It bad been such a long day, and the warm sense of security Morty got lying against Rick was more soothing than any sleep aid.


Morty felt his conscious slowly surfacing from the depths of sleep. He became aware of being wrapped up in something, long arms maybe. His face was buried in something warm that tickled his nose. With a few more deep breaths Morty became more awake, realizing Rick was sound asleep, holding him. A smile crept across his face and he buried himself deeper in Rick's chest hair. His bliss was short lived when he heard his bedroom door open.

Summer always hated when Rick took Morty on adventures without her, so when she'd realized they'd been gone two days off planet together she had become decidedly unhappy. Seeing the ship in the garage was all the motivation she needed to confront Rick, but she'd found his room empty, so she'd decided to take her hurt and frustration out on Morty. When she opened the door to find her brother and grandfather cuddling, shirtless, in bed, her mouth had opened soundlessly. Morty looked up at her and she saw his face pale. Neither spoke for several seconds. Summer sighed, "Honestly I don't know what I expected." She rolled her eyes and left the room, leaving the door open. Morty had to talk to her before she talked to their mom.

Morty wriggled out of Rick's grasp with some difficulty, but without worry of waking him. He was an incredibly sound sleeper. Morty found his discarded underwear and a shirt, dressed quickly and closed Rick in his room. Padding quietly down the stairs and into the living room, he addressed his sister who was on the couch with a cup of coffee and her phone. "S-Summer, we were just-, I-I was-" He stumbled over his loss of words but she cut him off, "Morty, please. Don't patronize me, I'm not a gullible idiot. I am fully aware of what I just saw." She put a hand up at him as she finished her text and sat down her phone to look at him. Her face was unreadable. "I only have one question for you and I need you to tell me the truth," she continued. Morty nodded as he chewed the inside of his bottom lip. "Is what you are doing okay with you? Rick isn't forcing you to do anything?" Summer was speaking very deliberately and her expression became stern. Morty's eyes widened, struck silent with disbelief. "N-n-no! I-I-I mean not i-in any way I don't like." He felt his cheeks flush at his unintentional honesty. "Ugh gross Morty! Jeez, I just wanted to make sure he wasn't hurting you, I don't wanna know about foreplay!" Summer gagged and looked away. Morty couldn't help but laugh, "S-sorry Summer. No, Rick hasn't hurt me, or taken advantage of me. I know it's not normal b-" She cut him off once more, "Like I said, little bro, I'm really not surprised. The amount of time the two of you spend together, and in highly emotional situations while together, it was bound to happen eventually." Summer shrugged and swapped her phone for the tv remote, sipping her coffee. "Y-you won't t-tell- you won't say anything? T-to mom?" Morty felt his throat dry. His sister didn't look back at him, "I don't have anything to gain by telling her that her until recently estranged father is having sex with her underage son. But mom's not stupid, Morty. That's all I have to say."

Rick stirred, bladder aching, groaning as he sat up slowly, head in his hands. Massaging his temples, he opened his eyes and took a moment to realize he was alone in Morty's room. He didn't want to admit how disappointed he was to wake up alone, but he didn't have much time to mope. Morty entered the room suddenly, hesitating when he saw Rick was up. "O-oh, uh. Morning." Morty said awkwardly, closing his door behind him, "Um, moms not up yet, so breakfast isn't ready or anything." He stood at his door, shuffling his feet. Rick looked at Morty's bedroom clock, they'd only had a few hours of sleep. Rick snorted tiredly and put his arms out, palms open, as if asking for a hug. Morty furrowed his brow and his mouth dropped, but he approached nonetheless. Rick snaked his arms around Morty's waist and pulled him back into the bed with ease. He pulled Morty against him tightly and sighed comfortably. Morty let himself be cuddled by his grandfather while he tried to determine if this was real or not. Historically, Rick was not an affectionate man, so Morty felt justified in his confusion. "More sleep." Rick grunted as he squeezed Morty against his chest and buried his nose in Morty's curls.

Morty, while thoroughly enjoying the incredibly rare affection from Rick, he still felt horribly anxious about his exchange with his sister. If she was that unsurprised by finding them sleeping together how far behind her in thought was their mother? "R-Rick, I should probably tell you... Summer knows... About us. Sh-she saw us like this, earlier." Rick grunted at him in acknowledgment. Morty looked up at him, "Seriously? You-you're not even a little bit worried?" He asked, exasperated. Rick took a deep breath, "Morty if y-you're sister had anything to gain out of narking on us I assure you she would. However, shattering Beth's i-illusion of me as a perfect a-and infallible father w-would only prevent Summer from ever joining us o-on another adventure, would take away th-th-the only distraction you have - which distracts you from annoying her - and would send your m-mother into an alcohol fueled depression so deep, she-she'd not only take back your father but she'd make him the man o-of the house just to replace me." He stuttered a yawned and rubbed a hand over his eyes, "So, no, Morty. I'm not worried." Finding no valid argument, Morty remained silent. Rick's fingers raked through Morty's hair and angled his head up, taking Morty's mouth into a deep kiss. Thought process halted from the sensation, Morty let himself be lost in it.

Successfully changing Morty's train of thought, Rick relaxed him with long, languid kisses and strokes of his tongue. Eventually Morty dozed off again in the comfortable warmth of Rick's arms. Extremely pleased with himself, Rick settled in for a few more hours of sleep. He was on the precipice of slumber when a low buzz from under his pillow woke him with a start. He clawed around for the source and found Morty's cellphone to be the culprit. He lit the lock screen and saw a text message from a contact named 'datboi'. Rolling his eyes at his grandson's humor being so far behind the times, Rick unlocked the phone, having figured out Morty's passcode ages ago. He opened the message and read the most recent one, wondering what in this dimension was so important this boy had texted Morty before the sun was up.

"Haven't heard from you in a few days. I'll take your silence as success ;)"

Rick furrowed his brow and scrolled through the last few days messages, finding what looked to be the beginning of this conversation.

"Not that anyone says you're a ray of sunshine but you seemed out of it today. Are you okay?" the friend had asked. Rick's stomach twinged with irritance at the realization this could be the boy he'd found Morty in the car with.

"I'm fine. Just frustrated, y'know? Got a small taste and then had it all ripped away." Morty had replied. Rick felt his irritation transform into jealous anger.

"Just be patient, it'll be worth the wait ;P" his friend had said.

"God I fucking hope so. I have at least two holes that need filling." Morty had bluntly responded. Rick felt the sudden urge to kick Morty off his own bed. He kept reading instead

A few days later, "I need your help." Morty's shortest text yet.

"You know I got you. What's up?" his friend seemed eager. Rick hated him.

"I need you to help me make someone jealous." Rick screwed up his face, What the fuck did that mean?

"Sounds poorly thought out and desperate. I'm in. Lol." Rick snorted at the response.

"I want to set it up so we look like we're messing around and get caught. If you can leave a hickey or something you get bonus points. He doesn't like when other people leave marks on me." Rick felt his limbs go cold as he slowly caught up.

"If said dude already feels a kinda way about someone leaving marks on you how can you not already know they're dtf?" Rick thanked Summer for her shorthand education she'd shared with him.

"Because it could just be protectiveness out of love and not sexual possessiveness. I feel like this would help me be sure."

"Alright, I get it. I'm still in" he'd added a thumbs up emoji.

"You sure you don't care man? I know it's weird but it'll work." Morty texted his co-conspirator.

"Anything to help one of us get out of the V zone." His friend replied

Rick looked down at the snoring figure below him. Morty had been a devious little manipulater. He'd tricked Rick into making the first move by invoking his wrathful jealousy. Rick was shocked and furious. He wanted revenge.



The sun split through the curtains shading Morty's bedroom and roused him from his sleep. He could smell bacon frying and his stomach growled loudly as he sat up and stretched. Morty slipped off his bed before remembering he hadn't been in bed alone. Rick must have already gone down for breakfast, Morty reasoned as he trudged down the stairs and into the kitchen. "Morning, Mom." Morty yawned as he sat at the table and poured himself some orange juice. Summer joined him and took the juice after him, sitting next to Beth. "Good morning, kids! Isn't it nice of dad to make breakfast?" She smiled into her coffee. Morty looked up from his own cup and became aware he'd sat across from his mother when she was usually the one to cook. He looked across the kitchen to see Rick in his slacks and a gray sweater in exchange for his usual blue. Morty couldn't help but appreciate how good Rick looked when he was sober and showered.

"Thanks, grandpa, it looks great!" Summer said as Rick he served their food. "It really does, dad, thank you!" Beth agreed with a brilliant smile which he returned, "You're welcome sweetie, j-just don't get too used to it." Rick laughed as he brought Morty his plate before sitting down to his own. Morty had been staring at Rick the entire time and had to mentally shake himself to speak, "Ye-yeah. What they said. Th-thanks Rick." Rick flashed him a disturbing and sinister grin as Morty shoveled a few forkfuls of food down. Summer and Beth were pre-occupied with their food and missed the exchange. Morty had already swallowed when he realized Rick was up to something, and it was probably too late now to avoid whatever Rick was planning. "It's my pleasure, Morty." He replied with a horrible self-satisfied smirk.

"After you finish breakfast you two need to get ready for school, okay? I'm leaving early to sit in on a board meeting at the hospital." Beth said as she flipped through a newspaper. Summer was looking at Rick and Morty, "Okay, mom." She kicked Morty under the table to disrupt the two's staring competition. Morty looked at her with his eyebrows raised in confusion, she jerked her head at Beth and Morty reddened. He finished his food, knowing he'd find out his demise soon, and excused himself from the table to go get dressed. Morty tried to do a self evaluation, he didn't feel sick or tired or confused, he felt fine. His skin didn't look unusual and his limbs were all accounted for, what had Rick done? Morty prayed he could get through school without finding out. He dressed and slipped on his white sneakers before realizing he didn't have his phone. It wasn't on his nightstand or in last night's pants pocket. He tossed his bed and found it quickly, opening it to see it was at his message thread with Thomas. His eyebrows knitted together, he knew the last time he used it he'd gone back to the home screen, and the most recent message he hadn't read yet. His stomach sank. Rick had gone threw his phone.

Morty made it to school without incident and met up with Thomas outside of his first class. "I need to talk to you." Morty demanded, pulling his friend away from the class room and into the closest bathroom. The bell rang. "Woah, chill Mort, what's the deal? I thought you were having a good weekend seeing as how I hadn't heard from you since what, Saturday morning?" Thomas quirked an eyebrow at him. "He went through my phone, he read our whole conversation and now he knows everything." Morty wrung his hands. Thomas' smile dropped, "Oh shit. So, what then? Are y'all done already?" Morty shook his head, "He's not like that. I probably couldn't get rid of him now if I wanted." He laughed in spite of himself, "But I'm definitely screwed. He's gonna do something to get even. He might already have done something." Thomas didn't look convinced, "Dude you sound paranoid. You'll be fine, just get through today and you can talk to him after school." His friend soothed. Morty wasn't convinced but couldn't see what other options he had. Thomas clapped a hand to his back and lead them into the hallway, "We'll meet up at lunch okay?" Morty nodded. "When do I get to meet this guy anyway?" Thomas added as they headed back to his room down the hall. "Oh. Uh.. W-well...I guess n-next time we hang out..." He was lying through his teeth but had no verbal escape besides agreement. Thomas nodded and ducked into his first class, leaving Morty to go into first period math on his own.

Math class came and went without incident. Science was uneventful as usual, though the beakers filled with chemicals kept his thoughts revolving around Rick. The bell rang for the third time and he exited his science class to cross the building for his English period when he suddenly felt his temperature rise. His heart rate jumped as he worried whatever Rick had done to his food was finally kicking in. Was he going to grow tentacles out of his arms? Or develop bug-like pincers? Was it more serious than that? What if he went into a coma? Or turned into a blood thirsty alien hybrid? Morty ran for the closest bathroom and locked himself in a stall, panting and sweating as his pulse pounded in his ear. What the hell was happening? He dropped his backpack and sat on the toilet seat fully clothed, noticing what it was that had changed. His pulse was racing and his internal temperature was skyrocketing because he was sporting the worst erection he'd ever had. Rick had given him a stimulant. "Fuck."

Rick was working in the garage on a comically large gun, whistling to himself as he carefully selected a new tool to readjust the grip. On his wrist, one of his watches blipped at him. He looked at the time and chuckled, he knew the drug would be affecting Morty by now. Setting down his tools, he wiped his hands off on a rag before dialing in coordinates on his portal gun and leaving the lab. He stepped into the hallway outside of Morty's chosen hideout just after the hallways had cleared of students. Stowing his portal gun and opening the door to the bathroom, Rick could smell Morty's deodorant and sweat. The poor kid must be in hell right now, Rick thought, feeling victorious. He strode down the line of stalls to the only one with a closed door and knocked, "M-Morty, you can't be missing classes like this. Wha-what would your mom say?" He laughed. Morty swung the door open and lunged at his grandfather hungrily. Rick put a strong hand on his head and kept him at arms length, "Tsk tsk, Morty, what's g-gotten into you?" Morty slipped out of his grasp and grabbed for Rick's belt, only to be grabbed by both of his powerful hands and held back. "God dammit, Rick! Wh-wha-what did you do!" Morty snapped as he fought for freedom. Rick laughed even harder, "I slipped s-some alien aphrodisiac i-into your scrambled eggs at b-breakfast!" His eyes watered, "Y-Yo-You're stuck like this all day, kiddo!" Morty loathed how strong Rick's grip was at that moment, "You-you can't, Rick! Please, how am I supposed to get through school like this! Give me something!" Rick raised half his brow, "I wa-was hoping you'd say something like that."

In one fluid motion Rick backed Morty into the stall and kicked the door closed behind them, spinning Morty to face away from him. He bent Morty over, releasing his arms so he could prop himself against the wall as Rick yanked down his jeans and briefs. Morty's legs quivered with anticipation, sucking in a shuddering gasp as he felt a lubed finger slick inside him before withdrawing. It was replaced with something slightly thicker, but not nearly as long. Morty turned his head as Rick pulled his pants back up and left the stall. "Wh-what was that!" Morty half shouted in his frustration. "A vibrator." Rick grinned and opened a portal, stepping a leg into it. He pulled a remote out from his inside labcoat pocket and wiggled it at Morty, "And I've got total control." Morty leapt at him, this time shouting entirely, "No!" But falling into empty air. Rick was gone.



With extraordinary difficulty, Morty was able to align his erection in his jeans so that it wasn't quite so obvious before shamefully stalking to the cafeteria. Lunch wouldn't be for ten more minutes but there was no way he could sit through class like this. He dropped into a table in the corner and shot a text to Thomas.

"Cafeteria asap. He came to see me in between classes." Morty tapped his message out quickly.

Thomas' reply took a moment to come, he couldn't text freely in class, their teachers were always assholes about it. "O shit. K I'll be there in min."

Morty laid his head on his arms on top of the table and huffed a heavy sigh. The vibrator inside him was small enough to not offer satisfaction but was large enough to be uncomfortable to sit on. He wondered if he could get it out on his own - or figure out how to wire it to turn on so he could get off in the bathroom and be done with being sexually intoxicated. A buzz from his phone pulled him out of his thoughts, he looked at it to see if Thomas had snuck out of his class ahead of the bell.

"Hope you're not in the middle of anything important." It was Rick. Morty furrowed his brow and replied quickly, a sliver of fear crop up in him. Now what?

"Whatever you're planning, please don't." He begged, but could hear Rick laughing in his head. He was definitely shit out of luck. Before a reply came, an unexpected vibration shot him up from off the bench he was seated at with a yelp.

Rick's reply came in immediately after. "Too late."

Morty felt a revival of desire flood his groin and he palmed the bulge in his pants. He tried to get a hold of himself long enough to send one last plea to his grandfather. "Can't you just torture me in person at home when I get out of school?"

"Who said I'm not going to? I thought you liked playing games, Morty. You're just mad I upped the ante."

The bell rang and another vibration erupted inside him, forcing out a small moan. "I'll just get myself off without you." Morty retorted. Rick answered immediately, "Go for it kiddo. Ain't gonna satisfy you like this Rick-Dick will." Morty snorted angrily and shoved his phone back in his pocket, praying no one sat near him as students flooded the cafeteria. Mercifully Thomas was the first and only person to join him in the corner. "Hey man, what the hell happened?" Thomas asked as he dropped his bag on the bench and sat down across from Morty. Morty did his best to suppress his urges so he could think enough to explain what had just happened. "He drugged me at breakfast, said it's punishment for 'playing games'." Morty pressed his fingers into his eyes and Thomas raised his eyebrows, snickering, "You can really pick 'em, Mort. Where the hell did you find this guy?" Morty didn't answer that question for several reasons. "So what are you gonna do? Can't you just rub one out in the bathroom or something? He's not actually mad is he? Like he's not gonna try and kick my ass is he?" Thomas was still struggling to not laugh.

Morty shook his head, "No, he could care less. He just doesn't like being outsmarted." He sighed. "How'd he find out? Does he go through your phone a lot? Cause that's not healthy." Thomas had finally contained his laughter and was trying to be serious. "He uh, h-he stayed the night with me last night. I think I was asleep when you texted me. We-we don't really have b-boundaries set for that kind o-of stuff because of our r-re-relationship changing so recently. He probably just checked my phone out of curiousity. He's a nosey asshole sometimes." Morty clenched his jaw as he felt another vibration pulse. His hands curled into fists, "I'm pretty pissed he's ta-taking it this far though. He-he really underestimates me. I-If he'd rather play games I'm not above stooping to his level." Morty swallowed before he went into too much detail. "I don't think you guys being in this endless cycle of mind games is going to work out long term." Thomas rested his chin on his hand. "It's n-not really genuine... I-its more like fucked up f-foreplay." Morty pressed his fists to his forehead. "Sounds healthy." Thomas chuckled, "Dude just skip. I'll tell the nurse you got sick. Go exploit your partner."

Rick had made himself comfortable on the couch, a foot resting on the coffee table and the other draped over the arm rest of the couch, rewatching the Ball Fondlers movie on tv. He dozed off after the first act, he never heard Morty sneak into the house, and up the stairs. With a few furious pumps, he relieved a small bit of tension with an unsatisfying orgasm in the bathroom. He had already devised a new plan to get exactly what he needed in the most over the top and unnecessary manner - the Rickest Way possible. He changed out of his usual clothes in exchange for his best fitting black skinny jeans, dress shoes and white button down shirt. He had to spend several minutes adjusting his quickly returning erection before he slinked back down the stairs.

Rick was snoring on the couch, flask in one hand, remote in the other. Morty crept around to the back of the couch and opened Rick's labcoat, pulling out his portal gun. It only took a few moments for him to remember the coordinates. Morty opened a portal directly behind Rick, startling him awake. Morty tossed the portal gun onto the couch next to Rick and jumped through the portal. "Woah, w-what the fuck?" Rick stammered, staggering as he tried to stand. He grabbed his gun and leapt over the back of the couch and the portal exntiguished. "Ugh, Morty you piece of shit." He sighed, using the redial setting on his portal gun and opening a portal to wherever Morty had gone. This little asshole was such a handful. Rick chuckled to himself as he stepped through. His little asshole was exactly why he put up with this shit.


Morty landed just outside a place he'd only heard about from other Morty's, Ricks' Lounge. It was for like minded Ricks and Mortys that had crossed the same boundaries as the C-137 duo. Not waiting for his Rick to catch up, Morty ducked inside and paid the doorman in the foyer with some of the currency he'd gotten from his various adventures. The larger Morty guarding the door stepped aside and opened a dirty steel door. Soft neon pink light washed over C-137 as he stepped inside to the Smokey and dimly lit room. There stages surrounded a circular bar in the center, smaller private show rooms separated the cat walks. Mortys and Ricks were coupled together in twos and threes every inch of the business.

Morty made his way to the bar as he took in the scene, settling himself on a stool and raising a hand to get the attention of a very well dressed Rick behind the counter. He set aside the glasses he'd been rinsing and dried his hands on a towel draped over his shoulder, "How you doin', kid." He smiled down at Morty as he grabbed a glass and shoveled ice into it. "I'm fine, I could use a drink though." Morty used every bit of his concentration not to stutter. "Mhm. It your first time here?" The Rick asked as he turned his back to grab a few bottles. "Is it that easy to tell?" Morty laughed nervously. The bartending Rick returned to the counter in front of him with three bottles and an apple slice, "No, you're pretty convincing actually. But I know my customers, and I've never seen you here before." The bartender smiled at him, pouring a combination of ingredients together into a tumbler before serving him a martini glass with the apple slice on the rim.

Sipping the drink at first, Morty found he rather enjoyed the taste, "This is great!" He toasted to the bartender, who returned the guesture with his empty tumbler. "It's one of my personal favorites. So what brings you here, Morty?" He leaned forward on his elbows. Morty snorted, "Looking to get what I can't have from my Rick." The bartender Rick laughed, "You'll have no trouble with that." He winked at Morty before moving on to the next customer. As it turned out, he was quite right. Within minutes a Rick had taken the stool two places down from Morty and ordered a drink. Only a few sips in the navy blue suited Rick turned his attention to Morty, "How'd you feel about the election?" Was his opening. Morty chuckled at the typical tactlessness of the Rick. "I can take it or leave it. Politics aren't f-for me." He faced the older man. The new Rick chuckled appreciatively, "Sounds like you spend a lot of time with a Rick. Is yours not here?" The question seemed both serious and tentative. Morty shrugged, "His business if he is." The game he was playing was a very stupid and dangerous one, but he gambled on Rick constantly and he'd never been let down before. The new Rick finished his drink and moved to the seat next to Morty, "Well I take you aren't here on business, so you must be here for pleasure?"

Morty felt his lust awaken and his blood rushed south quickly. "Depends o-on what you're offering." He finished off his drink and licked his lips. The suited Rick leaned forward and brushed his lips against Morty's, slipping a hand up his thigh. His thumb brushed the tip of Morty's stiffening cock, eliciting a sweet yet involuntary moan from the boy. The suited Rick seemed to enjoy that, as he deepened the kiss before moving down Morty's neck. He undid the top button on Morty's shirt and wrapped his lips over his collarbone, causing Morty to squirm and shiver.

Rick landed outside a shady looking dive called Ricks' Lounge and immediately rolled his eyes. What was Morty going to do, get wasted and strip on stage? Entering the first set of doors and paying to get through the second, he brushed shoulders with another Rick who appeared to work at the establishment, judging off his vest and bowtie, as well as the towel on his shoulder. "Uh, hey. My dumbass grandson seems to have come here in an attempt to piss me off. Have you seen any lost looking Mortys?" C-137 asked. The bartender laughed, "Yeah I have." C-137 raised half his brow, "Well where is he?" The bartender put his hands on his hips, "You said he's here to piss you off?" C-137 crossed his arms, "Yes where-" The bartender snickered and pointed over C-137's shoulder, "Over there. Succeeding." C-137 about-faced in time to see another Rick in an expensive suite slide the shoulder of his Morty's shirt off and dig his teeth into the exposed skin. The sound Morty made in response got the attention of several other Ricks in the area.

C-137 felt his vision darken as his head became light with fury. He didn't actually remember taking the steps to close the distance between the entrance and his Morty but when he had he grabbed the other Rick by his hair and jerked him away from his grandson with little difficulty. "This one is mine." He snarled before slamming the other Rick's face down with all of his strength onto the bar counter, breaking his nose and knocking him out. The suited Rick fell into a crumpled mess on the floor, yet none of this exchange grabbed the attention of other patrons or employees. "What the fuck do you think you're doing?" Rick snapped, turning back to Morty. "Trying to get some fucking satisfaction!" His grandson spat back, "I-if you'd just given it to me when I-I asked we wouldn't be here!" Rick couldn't even see the expression of anger on his face. He was distracted by the swollen, pink lips that had been kissed by the mouth of yet another piece of shit Rick, and the bite mark on the skin exposed under Morty's shirt. His heart was pounding in his ears. This was the last straw. "I'm done playing your petty games Morty."

Rick grabbed Morty by his throat and lifted him off his stool, throwing him onto his back on the bar. "Wh-what are you-" Rick interrupted his grandson's pleading query by forcing a red ball into Morty's mouth. One hand holding it in place, Rick clipped the gag collar around the back of Morty's head. "No more questions." His voice was flat and unfeeling, Morty began to wonder if he'd gone too far. Making short work of the buttons on Morty's shirt, Rick climbed onto the bar and straddled his grandson, shaking his belt open. The many Ricks and Mortys had finally taken notice, and were all watching with rapt attention. "I was saving this gag for tonight. I had big plans, Morty. But instead, I'm going to teach you a new lesson." Morty shook his head below Rick, but his grandfather's eyes were cold and empty. Rick released his generous length from his pants and yanked Morty's down in one swift movement. Morty glanced around and realized the entire club had stopped to watch them. Staff and customers alike were staring hungrily as Rick spread Morty open and forced himself in dry.

Morty cried into the gag at the pain but realized he still had some lube left in him from the vibrator. The initial discomfort faded almost instantly as Rick held Morty's legs up against his shoulders while he thrust down into him. Rick groaned loudly as he buried his entirety in Morty's tight asshole, several other Ricks nursing erections of their own as they watched. A few of the Mortys were on their knees now, in front of various Ricks, pleasuring them while they watched the scene in front of them unfold. "Ugh, fuck yeah," Rick grunted as he felt Morty tighten his muscles to squirm. "You realize you brought this on yourself, Morty? You know I'm fucking you in front of every other Rick that would want you so they know you're spoiled on me? You're mine. Your dad knows it, your sister knows it," Rick picked up the pace and leaned forward to pin Morty's hands out of his way.

He snaked his tongue over one of Morty's nipples, sending shivers over a skin. Rick saw Morty getting close to orgasm. He withdrew his dick completely, "Oh no you don't, you shameless shit head. You don't get to cum yet." He snarled loudly. Morty writhed and cried into the gag again, Rick growled in satisfaction as he watched. When Morty stilled he thrust himself in again and regained his previous speed. "If I take that gag off of you will you be a good boy Morty?" His voice was beginning to rasp from his panting. Morty nodded vigorously. "Are you going to be good for grandpa Rick? Are you going to beg for him?" Rick raked his teeth the length of Morty's collarbone and bit down in several places, sucking hickies to the surface every few inches. Morty whined into the gag and Rick finally relented, releasing Morty's hands to removed the gag collar. Morty took a few gasping breathes until Rick angled himself to thrust into Morty's g-spot, which caused Morty's breath to hitch as he tried to speak. "God dammit Rick, please just fuck me! I-I need to cum, I need to feel you cum in me, I've wanted it all god damn day, please!" Rick looked at the room and savored all the many Ricks unfaltering gazes as he forced himself as deep as he could go, brushing against Morty's prostate once more before he unloaded himself into his grandson's tightly swollen asshole with a loud, unabashed moan of immense pleasure. Morty cried underneath him at the sensation of being filled with the thick warmth of Rick's sperm, releasing his own orgasm in tandom.

Rick collapsed on top of Morty with a sigh, firing a portal onto the floor next to them, and rolling off the bar, Morty in hand, into it. The fell together onto Morty's bed. "God damn that was good." Rick sighed as he pulled himself out of Morty and laid back. Morty didn't speak for a moment, catching his breath and trying to stop the shaking in his legs, "It was embarrassing." He said finally. Rick cackled, "Tell that to your dick, you've never been so fucking horny in your life." Morty sat up and glared at him, "Cause you drugged me!" He protested. Rick leaned up on his elbow and rested his face on his hand, "That wore off by the third vibrator pulse. Everything after that was all you broh." He looked so unbelievably smug Morty wanted to be sick. "You better quit your shit with other Rick's, though. The next one I see even touching you, I'll disintegrate his head." Rick changed his tone completely. Morty felt a little guilt creep up in him, "You have no trouble controlling me. You're smarter than I am, y-you're stronger than I am. I have no control at all. Over either of us." He admitted ruefully. Rick rolled his eyes and tucked himself back into his slacks before grabbing his grandson and pulling his small frame on top of him. "Morty you have a lot more control over both of us than you realize. I've destroyed worlds for you, Morty. I've crossed planes of existence and dimensions, and put myself in prison to take care of you. I-I've never been one to open up because life constantly shits on me, bu-but I love you. I love this." He squeezed Morty tightly. Morty's eyes widened and he looked up at Rick, "Y-you-... I love you too, Rick." His grandfather took his gaze and kissed him deeply, holding him in a desperate embrace that unveiled a side of need in Rick that Morty had never gotten to see before.


Rick and Morty exchanged lazy kisses for a few hours until Morty got another text, drawing them both from a comfortably sleepy state of mind and returning Rick to his frustration. "You tell you're friend to suck my nuts for helping you." He huffed. Morty snorted, "I thought that's my job." He unlocked his phone to read the message.

"How'd it go?" A simple question.

Morty laughed and opened his front facing camera. It focused on his neck and collarbone, the screen reflecting numerous hickies across Morty's throat. He snapped the picture despite Rick's arm and chest being in view, and sent it, "He 'taught' me a lesson." Morty added as caption, letting Rick see him reply.

Thomas sent a video call request and Morty accepted, angling the camera away from Rick's face before he did. "DUDE HOW OLD IS THIS GUY" Thomas bellowed when he answered. "You don't want an answer to that, kid." Rick said from off camera when Morty opened his mouth to lie. Thomas' jaw dropped, "Holy shit man!" He laughed in disbelief, "It's a pleasure to not meet you, Rick." He raked a hand threw his hair, "Morty this is wild." Morty chuckled nervously, "We, uh, w-we made up." Thomas snorted, "Oh yeah? I thought you just fell on some stairs or something." He raised an eyebrow at Morty's neck. Rick slipped a thumbs up into view, Thomas laughed again. "Okay well I'll leave you two to it, I don't want to witness anything incriminating." He waved and disconnected



A bloody nosed Rick stood, wavering on his feet, in the conference room of President Morty. Across the room from him sat the President, who wore a patient smile. The navy blue and blood stained suit wearing Rick approached. "You're right about them. Especially about C-137 Rick. Very possessive. Very jealous. It wouldn't be difficult to exploit." He said, guesturing to his face. "I'll keep that in mind. Thank you." President Morty said from his chair. "Are you not more concerned about his Morty? Wouldn't he be the one Morty to try and sabotage your plans?" The Rick seemed frustrated at his relaxed reaction. "You do not know him like I do. As all Mortys do. I can assure you he doesn't see me as a villain, or enemy." The President stood and walked to the suited Rick, handing him an envelope of currency. "Thank you for your cooperation." The President nodded before waving a hand at the door. Blood dried on his face, nose disfigured, the Rick left, clutching his reward.



Having the house to themselves, Rick and Morty took advantage of the privacy to christen the living room. Rick had expertly sucked Morty off on his bed after the video call and the two had gone downstairs to watch tv, but ended up getting distracted. Morty had laid his head in Rick's lap as they settled in on the couch and was happily immersing himself in the alien game show on tv while Rick was staring at Morty's mouth, calculating the proximity of it to his dick. His mind trailed off into his memory of the first time he made Morty blow him. It had been the single most thrilling moment of his long and usually miserable life. Time after time the soft warmth got him off so easily. He was stiffening under Morty's cheek. Rick caved when Morty unwittingly nuzzled his face into his head. "Sorry Morty bu-but Grandpa needs s-some relief." He apologized as he pulled his belt and waistband down enough to free his erect prick. Morty didn't hesitate to slip onto his knees on the floor before Rick and lave the pooling precum off the tip. Rick inhaled a sharp gasp and knotted his fingers in Morty's hair. Morty looked up at him and gently swirled his tongue around Rick's head before wrapping his lips over it. "Ugh, god damn, M-Morty. It's s-so good." He breathed, opening his legs further and adding a small amount of pressure on the back of Morty's head. A few more teasing licks and then Morty engulfed him, Rick feeling his cock slam into the back of his grandson's throat. "Oh-h, f-fu-uck..." Rick stuttered.

Summer had gone straight from school to her job at the coffee shop. It wasn't until only an hour before her mother was supposed to be home did she herself arrive. She dropped her purse on the washing machine in the garage, having come in through the open garage door. As she rounded the corner she heard the tv, and someone's voice. Summer raised a brow as she headed for the living room, realizing she was hearing moans. Before her mind could reach a conclusion to the cause she saw it. Rick's head hanging over the back of the couch with his elbows, legs spread wide with Morty nestled between them, head bobbing. She was speechless for over a minute, not exclusively because of what she was seeing but the fact that these two morons were stupid enough to do this in the living room when their mom was due home. Summer cleared her throat theatrically.

Morty popped off of Rick and turned where he knelt to see his sister. Rick didn't look up, "Morty, if that's Beth- just take the plasma pistol in my pocket and kill me." He sighed, waving a hand to show defeat. Summer wore a more annoyed than angry look, but had to smirk at her own joke when she said, "So much for the 'ghost of his dick'." Morty stood indignantly, balling his fists, but Rick looked up at the sound of her voice and stuffed himself back in his pants quickly, "We were watching tv and got distracted." He muttered with a shrug. Summer crossed her arms and cocked a hip, "Getting distracted by the mouth of your underage grandson on your dick isn't a good habit to keep, grandpa." Morty finally found his words, "S-Summer shut the hell up. Be-between the microverse battery bullshit a-and the time freeze after the h-house party I'm basically seventeen." Rick glanced at Morty, reflecting on both adventures; they'd frozen time for six months, and spent four or five in the 'teeny-verse', coupled with Morty having been a few months into his 15th birthday before all that, he was pretty close. Summer rolled her eyes, "Look just stop fucking around on the couch. Mom's gonna be home soon." She snapped and stormed off.

Rick took a swing from his flask as he strode for the garage, curling a finger at Morty to follow.



Morty followed Rick into the garage and shut the door behind them. Rick dropped into his work chair and held out his arms for Morty to join him. Morty couldn't help but smile as he let himself be pulled into Rick's lap, Rick gently tilting his head aside so he could massage the sensitive skin of Morty's shoulder with his tongue. Morty crooned and slid his arms around Rick's neck and relaxed against him. They were both quietly enjoying Morty rutting against Rick's lap, when suddenly Summer's voice hollered from the living room. "Mom's bringing Dad home for dinner so put your pants back on!" Rick groaned dramatically, "God dammit. Why is your mother so persistent in trying to fix her marriage?" He helped Morty slide off his lap and stand. "C'mon, Rick, she's just trying to do the right thing." Morty said quietly. Rick stood and took Morty's hand, "I know, Morty, but I'm paternally obligated to hate Jerry. Do you want to eat with your mom and dad?" He offered as he lead them out of the garage. "N-not really. I'd rather spend today with you." Morty said shyly.

Rick smiled down at him, "Want to try my favorite pizza?" Morty's face lit up, "Pizza sounds awesome!" Rick chuckled and opened a portal, "Take the cable box to your room and hook it up to your tv. I'll be back in a flash." He said before disappearing. Morty smiled to himself and headed for the living room, unplugging the upgraded cable box. The front door opened, "Morty, Summer, I'm home! Come say hi to dad!" Beth called. Morty gathered up the cords and cable box and made for the stairs, "Hi mom, hi dad!" He greeted them as he started up the staircase. "Hey, son, where are you going?" Jerry asked timidly, "Aren't you going to join us for dinner?" "Oh, uh. No, me and Rick were gonna get pizza and watch tv in my room..." Morty said nervously. Beth put her hands on her hips, "You better not trash your room, Morty, I don't want anymore of your alien left overs to become sentient again." She gave him a stern look before hanging up her purse and heading into the kitchen, passing Summer as she came to greet her father.

"You... Are spending the night with Rick in your room..." Jerry started, rubbing the back of his neck. Summer looked up from her phone at her father, eyes wide. Jerry glanced at her, she looked to Morty questioningly, he nodded ever so slightly. "We both were, dad. It's the season premiere of Ball Fondlers: Origins." Summer looked back at Jerry with false excitement. Jerry didn't looked relieved but seemed convinced, "Oh- okay. Well come down to say goodnight okay?" He smiled weakly before following Beth's path to the kitchen to help with dinner. Summer watched him 'til he was out of earshot before rounding on Morty. "What the hell, Morty! Does the whole planet know?" She whispered, exasperated. Morty frowned, "It's just you two. I don't know how dad found out, but Rick had mentioned it before." Summer pinched the bridge of her nose, "Morty don't you realize if dad knows its only a matter of time before he tells mom, right?" Morty readjusted his grip on the cable box, "If he was going to don't you think he would have by now?" He furrowed his brow at his sister. Summer crossed her arms, "Look little bro, I can kinda understand why this fucked up relationship started between you and grandpa Rick, and dad might be too much of a pussy to say anything, but if mom finds out she'll put a stop to it with finality that even Rick can't fight. You need to be more careful, if what's going on makes you happy then you need to act like you have something to lose." With that, she passed him on the stairs and went to her room.

Rick had stood in line a solid twelve minutes to get this pizza. It was his favorite in the multiverse, the sauce to topping ratio was perfect and the alien meat and seasonings blend together beautifully. After grabbing the pizza and some bread knots he portaled back to his room to change into sweatpants and a t-shirt. Balancing the food boxes on one hand he reached for his door before doubling back to his nightstand to grab an odd, glowing piece of sculpted glass. When he entered Morty's room Morty was already in his pajamas and flipping through channels, sitting cross legged on his bed. "Hope you're ready to have your life changed." Rick said as he set the boxes in front of his grandson and opened the larger one. Morty's eyes widened and he inhaled the smell, stomach growling. Rick climbed into bed and grabbed a piece for Morty and then himself, scalding his mouth with the piping hot sauce but eating it anyway with an indulgent moan. Morty was more careful to wait for his slice to cool down before he dug in. The flavor was incredible, the sauce was almost familiar to tomato sauce, but much bolder - almost spicy. The cheese was smooth and stringy as he pulled his first bite away, Morty closed his eyes and enjoyed the many flavors.

After polishing off over half the pizza and all of the bread knots, Rick laid back on one of Morty's pillows to digest, grabbing the remote and flipping through a few hundred channels before finding Ball Fondlers. Morty finished his last slice and situated himself against Rick's side while still able to see the tv. Rick draped an arm around him and slid his hand just under the hem of Morty's night shirt. There was a marathon of last season's episodes leading up to the new season premiere, naturally Rick struggled to stay focused on the show. He'd been absent-mindedly stroking his thumb across Morty's stomach but found himself thinking about how soft his skin was. Rick's gaze drifted from the tv to Morty's neck. From the hickies Rick had trailed across his collarbone to the tender flesh under Morty's ear. He turned to spoon Morty and buried his face in the crook between Morty's neck and shoulder, gently licking and kissing his way up to the ear lobe. Morty giggled, "R-Rick that tickles!" He squirmed as Rick tightened his arms around him. Rick hummed an acknowledgement but continued his soft kisses and bites.

Jerry and Beth sat at the dinner table, eating wordlessly, occasionally sipping their wine. Beth had tried to make a few attempts of conversation but Jerry was so preoccupied with his thoughts that he couldn't hold a topic long enough to make any contribution. His mind was carrying him away with what awful things Rick must have been doing to Morty since he moved in, fretting whether or not he'd done similar things to Summer, and wondering if he could convince Beth to believe him about the situation. "Jerry?" Beth said loudly, putting a hand on his. He was pulled from his absorbtion, "Hm?" She looked concernedly at him, "I asked if everything was okay?" Jerry stared at her, trying to gather the courage to tell her, "Beth... Rick has been... He and Morty-" Beth waited patiently for him to finish his thought as he felt his strength fail. "I... I'm glad he's been helping you... With the kids." He finished lamely. Beth smiled at him, "Thank you, Jerry." She squeezed his hand. They finished dinner with her explaining why she'd been at work so much, something about a promotion. But Jerry just wanted to see the kids without their mom or Rick, so he could talk to them. He and Beth cleaned the kitchen and she gave him a kiss goodnight on the cheek before she went to shower. Jerry could hear the tv upstairs and knew Morty and Summer weren't coming down to say goodnight. He sighed, reserving himself to what he would say to convince his kids that Rick was bad, as he climbed the stairs again.

Summer heard the top stair squeak and she leapt off her bed, exiting her room and meeting her father in the hallway before Morty's room. "Summer? I thought you were watching tv with your brother and Rick?" Jerry said from the top stair. Summer had her arms out, blocking the hallway. "Oh Summer... You aren't a part of this, are you?" He looked deflated. "What? Ew! no! But I know what's going on. With them and with you and I'm not going to let you start another fight." She propped a hand on one hip and guestured and her father with the other, "How did you find out about this anyway?" She jabbed a thumb at Morty's door. "I walked in on- on-" Jerry hesitated. "I don't need details, dad." Summer put a hand up at him before he elaborated. "What about you?" He asked, rubbing his arm uncomfortably. Summer rolled her eyes, "Same." Jerry looked disgusted, "How long has this been going on?" He demanded. "As if I know. Long enough though. Really, dad, I don't know why you're surprised. You've known from the start that they have a weird relationship." Summer dropped her irritated disposition, "They're all either of them have that's constant." Jerry looked at her with an open mouth, "You're okay with this?!" He almost raised his voice. "If you're asking me if I'm an incest advocate or if I like the idea of Morty being with a senior citizen, no, I'm not. But I know Morty, dad, better than you and Mom. And I know Rick. This was bound to happen- Morty doesn't have the social skills to find anyone else. Even if he did he wouldn't be satisfied by them because his life with Rick has so much more to it. Rick is a desperate, depressed and lonely addict. He needs someone to see the good in him, to be wowed by him, to take care of him. Morty does all of that for Rick, and more. In my opinion this is the best case scenario."

Summer strode to her father, "You don't have to agree, or understand. But if you're going to try and do something about it, you better be ready for it." Her face offered more warning than her words as she passed and went downstairs, "I'm going to Grace's. Think about what I said." Jerry waited 'til he heard her close the front door and lock it before he closed the distance between himself and Morty's bedroom door. He could only hear rapid fire gunshots and explosions with metal music as he opened the door slowly. Morty was laying on his back, Rick next to and leaning over him, Morty's arms around his neck as he kissed, licked and nipped his way along the soft skin under him. Rick had an arm under Morty's shoulders, his other hand on Morty's stomach, night shirt pulled up, fingers trailing the waistband of his pants. Soft moans and whimpers came from Morty's lips as Rick's hand dove under his boxers, fingers carefully wrapping around his dick. Jerry felt nausea return as it had the first night he'd caught them, but found his feet cemented to the floor, struck still in his disgust and shock. Rick stroked Morty to a full erection and slowly pumped him as he writhed in excited pleasure. Taking a brief pause to wet his fingers, Rick slowly inserted them one digit at a time to prepare Morty. His grandson moaned loudly as he felt Rick's middle finger ghost against his prostate. Jerry felt both disgusted and intrigued, he'd never explored his own body, much less another man's, he wondered how Rick knew what to do.

Rick had seen Jerry open the door, the man was incapable of being subtle, but Rick continued his endeavor anyway, knowing Jerry would be too fearful of him to try and stop it. Pleasuring and defiling Morty in front of his own father was such a delicious power move, it satisfied Rick almost as much as the actual act. He was still in the mood to be tender though, he'd been so hard on Morty for most of their sexual encounters, he enjoyed the opportunity to be gentle instead. Eliciting sweet and soft moans from Morty, Rick decided he'd prepared him well enough and slipped his sweatpants' waistband down, releasing his substantial member and pulling Morty onto his reclined lap, laying his back on Rick's chest. Inserting himself slowly, Rick could see out of his peripheral vision that Jerry was still watching, he grinned into a kiss he offered Morty as he fit the whole length of himself into Morty's warm asshole with a groan from both of them. With slow and purposeful thrusts, Rick kept Morty's head tilted back as he showered him with kisses and small bites on his lips and throat. Morty started bucking down on his own, trying to quicken the pace. Rick chuckled and brushed his tongue against Morty's, matching his speed. Morty whined and gripped Rick's arms tightly as he fucked into him harder, the two of them starting to sweat as their breathy moans and panting became heavier. "Mm, you feel so good, baby." Rick buried his face in Morty's curls as he rested his head on Rick's shoulder. Morty bit his bottom lip and dug his nails into Rick as he neared the edge. "Come on, Morty. Cum for me." Rick whispered, wrapping long fingers around Morty's twitching erection again. It only took a few strokes and one deep thrust to get him there, crying out as he did, "Oh God, Rick!" Morty's eyes were screwed shut as he felt Rick stiffen inside him at the sight of him coming undone. Rick locked eyes with Jerry as Morty cried out his name again, releasing his own orgasm within Morty's depths.



Lingering satisfaction of fulfilling his threat to Morty to fuck him in front of his father left Rick riding the post sex high into the following day while Morty was at school. Rick was shuffling about the garage, looking for useless devices he no longer used to breakdown and repurpose them. He had rediscovered an old prototype for a robot butler which tried to recreate the matrix after deciding it was a slave, an automatic vacuum for hazard waste that had tried to clean up an open portal and accidently sucked alien tentacles into it, and for some reason an antique rotary phone, curled cord and all. He sat down at his bench with a few tools, adjusted his lamp, and grabbed the rotary phone before he was interrupted with a knock at the exterior garage door.

"I don't have any standards at all, Mort, you're overestimating my character." Thomas was saying as they strode out the front doors of their school. "It's really unconventional. I don't think it's worth telling you and losing the only friend I have at school." Morty sighed as the two set out on foot toward Morty's house. Thomas wouldn't relent, "I'm just gonna follow you home and harass you 'til you either tell me or they come over to assault you again." He snickered. Morty self consciously adjust the collar on his shirt, "Shut up," he rolled his eyes, but didn't argue further. If it came down to it and Thomas found out, Morty could just have Rick scare him into silence. It seemed to have worked for his father.

The garage door creaked and groaned as it lifted, Rick standing with crossed arms while waiting for it to reveal the visitor: a blue alien woman with three yellow tipped antenna. "Hello, Rick." She smiled and stepped into the garage. Rick's arms unfolded, "Unity?" his jaw dropped. She wore a timid smile, "I know things didn't end well... So, I wanted to come talk." Unity offered opened palms. "Uh, okay..." Rick hesitated before regaining his composure, "Sure. W-welcome to my humble abode." He motioned for her to take his work chair. She accepted and sat, staring up at him as he leaned against the bench next to her. There was a lengthy, awkward silence.

"What did you want to talk about?" He asked at last, pulling a flask from a drawer between them and ingesting half of its contents. He didn't want to face this conversation sober. "We don't have to be so formal, Rick. I just wanted to see how you were, how we were." Unity spoke softly. Rick shrugged uncomfortably, "We're fine, Un. I mean getting dumped by a whole planet sucked but it's not the worst thing to happen to me. You don't have to feel bad for me." His tone was involuntarily defensive. Unity frowned slightly, "This isn't pity, Rick. I love you, and I want you to be okay. And I don't want you to be mad at me..." Rick took another swig from his flask before glancing down at her, "R-Really, Un, we're okay. I'm glad you're not still tore up about it, a-and I've found s-someone, myself, so," Unity cut him off, "You're seeing someone else? More than just a sex thing?" She sounded disbelieving. Rick nodded with a small but proud smile. "Wow. I guess I didn't think you could manage a normal relationship..." Unity admitted. "Well I wo-Ugh-wouldn't say it's normal," Rick emptied his flask, "Bu-but he knows how to handle m-my-my bullshit." Unity tilted her head, "He?" He quirked an eyebrow at her, "That's not news to you." Unity inclined her head, "It's not that - I, I just... Didn't expect you to be open to more than just a wild one night stand with a male..." She chose her words very carefully. Rick waved a hand at her, throwing off his balance and almost throwing him onto the floor. "Th-thi-this is different. A-and k-kinda compliUGHcated."

Morty entered his house and dropped his backpack in the foyer, Thomas following suit and closing the door behind himself. "I'm home!" Morty called out to the house at large. No one answered. Thomas slouched, "So I don't get to meet him." Morty laughed, "You will, he's probably just in the garage. If he's not watching tv or in the garage, he's not here." He explained as he lead Thomas through the living room and kitchen to the garage. Morty opened the door to find Rick, but not alone. Sitting next to him was the entity Morty recognized as Unity in her preferred vessel. His neck felt hot with a suspicion. Morty had liked Unity by the time he left her world, but when he stopped to check on Rick before school the next day, he'd found his grandfather completely wasted and unconscious in front of his disintegration ray. Rick had never spoken of it, so Morty never asked, but he knew well enough. His fists balled subconsciously, "Rick?" He managed to announce himself with an even mood in his voice.

Rick and Unity glanced up from their conversation. Rick noticed Morty first, then his guest. The boy from the drive in. His heart choked a beat and his veins felt cold. "Morty?" He failed to keep the accusatory tone out of his acknowledgement. The boy clapped his hands over his mouth, "Ho shit Mort." He looked from Rick to Morty, and threw his hands up over his head, "Oh shiiit! Your grandad is Rick?!" The boy laughed. Morty punched his shoulder without breaking Rick's stare. He'd heard the questioning influx in Rick's response, knowing his grandfather was implying his own concerns about the new comer. Rick glared at Morty, wondering why he'd brought his friend to the house, willing himself not to assume Morty was interested in the boy, but feeling the fear wriggle in his stomach nonetheless. Morty looked at Unity and tried to smile, "Hi, Unity. I'm glad you're doing okay." Unity had been staring between Rick and Morty the entire exchange and stood finally, after being addressed, "Rick you can't be serious!" She stood between Morty and Rick as she faced the latter, "That's horrible! It's manipulative and cruel, Rick, even for you! This- this is abuse!" Unity cried, pointed at Morty's hickies. He furrowed his brow and crossed his arms. Rick found another bottle of liquid in his desk and took a gulp before resting his free hand on his hip, saying nothing. "He's so young! He's not old enough to know what he wants and what's good for him. You're supposed to take care of him and protect him! Not take advantage of him!" She continued, eyes threatening to overflow with tears, "I can't believe you'd do something like this!" Rick sipped his mysterious drink again and waited 'til she was finished speaking, breathing heavily from her impassioned speech. Rick looked at Morty around her and raised half his brow, pointing at her with a finger from the hand around his flask.

Morty stepped around Unity and in front of Rick to face her. "Unity if anyone here is guilty of manipulation it's me. I purposefully tricked Rick into having sex with me because I wanted it." Morty jabbed a finger her direction, "Rick tried to avoid me and ignore my advances. I went so far as to enlist a friend from school to help me trap him." Thomas poked his head around her and waved, "Doting cohort in chief, at your service." He grinned. "So if you'd like to lecture anyone about boundaries and abusive behavior, talk to me. I extorted Rick into fucking me and kept coercing until he decided to keep doing it on his own." Morty glowered at her. Unity was silent for several seconds before Rick opened a portal next to her, polishing off the last drops of his drink. With a disgusted and defeated face, Unity disappeared into the green glow. Rick pocketed his portal gun and looked at Thomas, "You better not touch my grandson again or I'll skin you alive and bury you in salt." Thomas chuckled, "Charismatic best friend, not love interest. Morty doesn't have the parts I look for in a partner. Except his humor. And his curly hair. And dreamy eyes..." He laughed when Rick narrowed his eyes at him and Thomas backed toward the door to the house. Morty rounded on his grandfather, "What the hell was that?" He finally let his guard down after Unity left and his face had reddened quickly. "Sh-shu-shut up Morty." Rick wavered where he stood, "Thomas go watch tv. There-there's infinite channels, ke-keep yourself occupied for a bit." He ordered. Thomas glanced at Morty, who nodded with an annoyed shrug, and exited the garage hastily.

Rick had Morty pinned against the door the second it shut, hungrily kissing him as Rick's hands wrapped around his waist. "Th-that waUGH-was pretty fucking hot," Rick laughed and slipped his tongue into Morty's mouth. Morty hesitated before letting himself enjoy the kiss. He was still mad about Unity being alone with Rick but he was getting plenty of attention despite her visit. "She can't just c-come back for you when she decides it's what she wants. You-you're supposed to be mine now." His words were uneasy. Rick picked Morty up and carried him to his work chair where they plopped down together, "Hm, I kinda like it when you say that Morty. Calling y-you mine gets my dick plenty hard bu-but seeing you get jealous? Tha-that-that's a rare treat." Rick crowed as he massaged his thumbs into Morty's hips. Morty smiled nervously, "Well... You are. You're not for her, or another Morty. You're mine." He said simply. Rick hummed in satisfaction as he nibbled on Morty's shoulder gently. He kissed his way back to Morty's mouth and dragged his fingers through Morty's soft yet dense curls. "Mm. We-we can do m-more of this later," Rick leaned back at last, "R-right now I need to be embarrassing y-Ugh-you in front of your friend out there." Morty nodded, despite the growing heat in his groin, but brushed his lips against Rick's one last time before standing, "I love you, Rick." Rick stood and smiled a tipsy smile down at Morty," I love you too."



Thomas had taken up residence in one corner of the couch with the remote in hand and a pillow on his lap, flipping through channels with wide eyes. Rick flopped into the opposite corner and held his arms open for Morty to join him on his lap. Settling comfortably between Rick's legs, Morty leaned his head on Rick's chest and slid his arms around his slim waist. Thomas flipped for a few more minutes through channel after channel before getting caught up in Man Versus Car. The trio watched several rounds of men dying before Thomas inquired, "Wouldn't the human always die?" Rick looked uninterestedly at him, "Duh-doy, kid. It's fun to watch them fail." Thomas snorted, "You're not wrong." He turned his attention back to the tv, "Do you have a favorite show on here?" Rick opened his left hand, "Here, l-let me get you t-to-to the good shows." Thomas relinquished the controller and Rick flipped to a channel currently airing shark-human hybrids boxing in a poorly lit basement of sorts. "Whaaat..." Thomas mouthed silently as blood covered the cement from the bite of one player trying to tear off its opponent's arm.

Rick, Morty, and Thomas were still vegged out in front of the tv when Beth got home from work. She was carrying a few grocery bags when she came into the living room. "N-need help with those?" Rick offered. Beth smiled at him and started to answer before noticing Morty laying in his lap. Beth closed her mouth and swallowed before attempting to speak again, "Yes, dad, would you please?" She took her bags to the kitchen and followed Rick out to the car. Rick grabbed a few bags in each hand and waited for Beth to do the same. He was expecting her to say something, but she didn't. They took their bags to the kitchen and made a final trip out to the car. "You and Morty's boyfriend seem to be getting along well." Beth said nonchalantly. Rick picked up the last few bags and shut the trunk of her car, "Mhm." She was staring hard at him, but spoke timidly, "Those are hickies on him... And not bruises?" Rick caught her stare, "Yes... Why?" He asked coldly. "Dad, Jerry-" Rick sighed dramatically, "said he's worried Morty is being abused by someone." Beth clasped her hands together over her chest. Rick raised half his brow at her, "Sweetie he's growing up. He's figuring out what kind of weird shit he's into. I won't let anything happen to him, if he gets carried away, okay?" Rick fixed her with a serious look. "I know, thank you. I just worry. He's got such a broken family." Beth sighed, "But I'm glad he has someone. I mean, besides you of course." She smiled, "And I noticed you've been a lot more sober lately." Rick turned away to head for the house and rolled his eyes, "Yes, dear, I g-Ugh-got laid and I'm in a-a fantastic mood. Are you happy I sh-shared? We can go bake some cookies to-together next. You know how m-mu-much I love bonding." Beth's face fell to relief, "I just wanted to make sure you both are alright. I feel like I've barely seen the both of you."

Thomas waited for Beth and Rick to close the front door behind them before he nudged Morty, "Dude, tell me everything." Morty sat up straight and faced his friend, "You know everything already. Now you just know who I was talking about." He shrugged. "Yeah but I mean how? How did you go from two months ago complaining about him almost getting you killed and ruining your childhood to you two fucking like animals and now being all domestic? Cuddling isn't something I could have previously pictured your grandad doing before, with all the shit you've told me." Thomas was facing him and ignoring the tv entirely. Morty smiled, "I don't know. I guess we're just comfortable together now? I mean, a lot of people know too. You, dad, Summer, Unity. Moms practically the only person who doesn't." Morty answered, "I know it's weird and gross to most people, but as fucked up as my family is, and as much as he and I are, I feel like it works for us. I wouldn't be doing this if I wasn't sure it's what I want."

Rick and Beth returned with the last load of food and disappeared in the kitchen. "Dad just promise me you'll look after Morty, okay? He doesn't need me right now, but he needs you." She said softly, facing away from her father. Rick put down the bags he carried and carefully turned her by the shoulder, "Sweetie, i-if this is about the divorce y-you have nothing to wUgh-worry about. Morty knows he can see h-his dead beat dad a-an-any time he wants, and you know I'll look out for-for him and Summer." Beth met his fixed stare with a look of concern. "To be frank, Beth, you're the one everyone is worried about. Y-you need to stop worrying about everyone else and take care of yourself." Rick had an uncharacteristically paternal tone. Beth dropped her gaze, "I know. I'm not unhappy, I'm just lost. I thought being a working wife and mother was all I would ever do after Morty was born." Rick leaned back against the counter and opened the fridge next to them, grabbing himself a beer and a bottle of wine, which he offered his daughter. She took it and grabbed a glass from the sink, still stained from the previous night's wine. "Y-you need to figure your shit out. Find a new challenge, raise the stakes and y-your expectations of yourself. Stop fucking settling. You're Rick's daughter. You have options." Rick said after a long draw on his bottle. Beth stared up at him, "Dad... Can you help me get a job in an alien hospital?" Rick side eyed her as he finished his first bottle. He chucked it expertly across the room into the trash can and grabbed another out of the fridge, opening it using the counter for leverage on the cap, and said, "I-if that's what you want, I-I can make it happen."



"I promised your mom, Morty, i-its not like I'm thrilled to go back." Rick was grumbling as he opened a portal before them. "I just don't feel like it's safe for us. Don't you think it's a little risky to be anywhere controlled by him?" Morty's brow was furrowed tightly. "You were the one who said he wouldn't come after us." Rick rolled his eyes. "Yes, I said he wouldn't come after us, but I have no idea how he's going to react to us trespassing his territory!" Morty opened his hands at his sides with distress. Rick massaged his temples, "He's not going to know we're there, we just need to go to the hospital there so I can talk to a few board members." He flattened a hand at his grandson. "F-fine. But I think this is a bad idea." Morty sighed and followed Rick through the portal.

They stepped through and into the parking lot of a magnificent, pearl white building with lofty, sweeping windows. "Woah..." Morty breathed. It was the Citadel Metro Hospital, the one and only hospital in the entire Citadel. Rick looked down at Morty and jerked his head toward the gold framed front doors, hands tucked in his labcoat pockets. The shimmering white tiles reflected stark white lights as they lead the duo up to the curved front desk. "Can you buzz me up to room 1?" Rick leaned on the counter with an elbow and addressed the Rick behind the counter in a similarly themed uniform. The clerk nodded with a look of understanding and called an elevator down behind him. Morty followed Rick into it and glanced up, waiting for an explanation. He received none.

The elevator doors opened into a room with a half circle table, seated around which were Ricks in similar coats to C-137's but all accompanied by various medical tools like stethoscopes and small flash lights. The newcomers stepped out. "Rick, good to see you. It's been a while." Another Rick spoke. "How ya doin' boys?" C-137 nodded. "What in our name brings you here?" A third Rick joined. "I-I have a favor to ask." He stepped up to their table, "My Beth would like to come learn medicine here, and get a job if she can." The other Ricks looked amongst one another, then back to C-137. "Of course she can, Rick. Beths are rare in the Citadel, we'd be happy to have her join us." One of the board member Ricks said with a smile. "Awesome, th-thanks guys. I'll send her along in a few days." C-137 nodded and backed into the elevator again, pressing the only button. "That was easy." Morty remarked. Rick grinned, and opened his mouth to reply but halted when the doors slid open again and found a herd of Mortys crowding before them, some with cameras and others with microphones all in suits. "You just fucking had to say something."

Cameras flashed and several Mortys were shouldering each other as they reached mics into C-137 Morty's face, shouting questions. The first one he heard was, "Is it true you are the One True Morty?" Rick furrowed his brow deeply and looked down at him, "What did you do?" He has asked irritably. C-137 frowned up at him, "I didn't pick myself, they did!" He thrust a hand at the crowd, "So you confirm that you are indeed the One True Morty!" A reporter said excitedly into a mic while others pressed closer, "I didn't say that." C-137 groaned. "Morty what the hell are they talking about?" Rick glared at him. "Can we please get by?" C-137 ignored his grandfather. They parted ever so slightly and the two were able to squeeze through the crowd. They'd made it to the doors and were ahead of the throng when a single Morty approached in his usual clothing combination, "Are you going to stop him? The President?" He asked quietly, standing in their path. C-137 froze, "What? Why?" He stopped abruptly and Rick ran into him. "He's killing Ricks... And Mortys... You need to go to the megaseed farms." The other Morty grabbed C-137's shirt, "Please, you have to!" He cried as Rick grabbed C-137 by the arm and yanked him into a portal. Morty collapsed on the floor of the garage, panting lightly. "Explain yourself." Rick looked down at him angrily.

"When we were being held by 'Evil Rick' I was the one who organized the other Mortys to fight back. They called me The One True Morty. I thought they'd all just gone crazy..." Morty's eyes reflected his absence. His mind was millions of miles away, "They'd all watched their Ricks die... I couldn't expect them to know better." Voice breaking as he spoke, Morty stood. "It looks like they spread the story around." He looked up at Rick, who crossed his arms. "Well it sounds like your buddy the President of the Citadel is up to some post-election espionage." He narrowed his eyes. Morty dropped his eyes to the floor, "I have to stop this. This is my fault. " Rick raised his brow, "What the hell makes you say that?" Morty headed for the door to the house, "Because I helped him escape." His defeated tone was evident.



In his office over looking the Citadel, the President stood gazing upon his kingdom, hands clasped behind his back. "The final harvest is being completed now, Mister President, the results of our collection will be on your desk tomorrow." A Rick was saying to his back. "And the assassin?" The President asked. "He is in position for the press conference." The Rick answered. "Thank you. That is all." President Morty nodded at the Rick's reflection in the window. The Rick bowed his head and exited the room as the President strode back to his desk and sat down, opening a drawer. He pulled from it a black eyepatch, with a blinking red light on the inside. He tucked it into his suit pocket with a sinister smile and gathered his speech cards, heading to the conference room.


Rick refilled his flask as he checked his portal gun's charge before setting new coordinates. He'd told Morty he'd only allow him to try and fix the situation at the Citadel only under Rick's watchful eye. After stuffing a few various items into his labcoat pockets he made his way to Morty's room to start their venture. Outside the door a dense scent caught Rick's nose and he stopped. Thin tendrils of smoke curled up from the gap under the door. Slowly opening the door, Rick peeked in on his grandson. Morty was shirtless, laying with his head at the foot of the bed and his feet opposite him, a smoking, twisted tube of glass in his hand. Morty had smoked his weed. Rick laughed, catching Morty's attention. Morty looked up at Rick turned over, "Wh-what is this stuff?" He asked.

Leaning against the door frame, Rick smiled at him, "It's just weed, Morty. My question for you is how did you know how to smoke out of that?" He chuckled. Morty sat up on his knees, "I-I watched Summer do it before." He grinned and swayed as he sat, putting up his arms at Rick. With a light snort, Rick strode over to the bed and picked up Morty, lying back and situating him on his lap. "How do you feel?" Rick asked, stroking Morty's thighs slowly. Morty had a small smile stuck on his face, his fingers gliding over the fabric of his sweater to its hem where he moved it. He snuck his hands under Rick's shirt and across his chest. "Morty why did you smoke this?" Rick spoke again. Morty looked up from his exposed midrift to answer with a sad gaze. "I'm really mad at myself... about the situation with the President. I was stressing out about what we're gonna do when I found this. Once I realized what it was I tried to use it the way I've seen Summer do it." He answered. Rick pulled Morty down next to him, threading his fingers through his hair, "Do you feel okay, though?" He asked. Morty cuddled up to Rick's side and nodded, smiling. "You're taking a lot of responsibility for the President, but you have to understand that someone as cunning and evil as him would have gotten this far with or without your help. You were trying to do the right thing." Morty looked up at Rick. "You saved my life and all those Mortys. I never told you thank you. Or that I'm proud of you."

Morty felt like his body was relaxing into a puddle. His felt his heart swell at his grandfather's words and he smiled up at him. "Th-that means a lot, Rick. I ho-honestly never thought you'd say that." Rick chuckled lightly, "Well you're high off your ass, so I can just deny it when you're sober." Morty's hands slid up to Rick's wild hair and curled into it before he tilted his head up to brush their lips together. The pleasurable sensation of kissing was amplified by the effects of the weed he smoked. Everything was moving in slow motion but entirely normally. A warm tongue slipped into his mouth and Morty inadvertantly whimpered in satisfaction. Rick deepened the kiss at the sound, blood rushing below his belt, but stopped himself as his fingers tucked into Morty's waistband. He parted their lips to speak, Morty whined at the loss of contact, "Come on Morty, you wanted to topple a government, remember?" Rick raised half his brow at him. "I-I can't right now anyway..." Morty reasoned, head swaying slightly. "We just need to sober you up. You hungry?" Rick sat up and grabbed his portal gun from its pocket. He shot one on the wall next to them and reached through with both hands, pulling out a bag of chips and a beer. Opening the bag of chips, Rick offered them to Morty, before cracking the top of the beer off.

Morty munched on chips for a while as Rick nursed a beer. Rick knew they were merely delaying the inevitable, eventually they would return to the Citadel, and they would have to face the President again. His stomach churned at the idea of Morty having to have some sort of odd show down with him. His Morty was smart and capable, but the President was wicked and ruthless. There had to be a way to stop him without Morty being the one at the helm.

Feeling his brain clearing slowly, like waking from a deep sleep, Morty realized he was wasting time. He needed to be back in the Citadel, seeing the Megaseed farm and doing something to stop the President. But it was so comfortable lying here with Rick, feeling secure next to him. In his slowly sobering state Morty wondered how much it would really matter if he didn't try to stop the President, if he wasn't the hero and just enjoyed getting the attention he'd been wanting for years. Morty had come to both fear and respect his grandfather, knowing he wasn't a perfect person, but loving him in spite of it. Rick was powerful and intelligent, his larger than life personality was both a a driving force behind his dominative behavior and a ruse to cover his crippling loneliness. Morty related to his imperfections deeply, feeling comfort in their similar flaws. He wondered if there was something wrong with him having romantic love for Rick, but he couldn't find the conviction to feel guilty, just contentment.

After a while of sitting in comfortable silence, Rick set aside his empty beer bottle and stood, offering a hand to Morty, "Let's get you dressed and get a move on." He smiled. Morty nodded and crawled to the edge of the bed to take his hand. Pulled to his feet, Morty shook his head and tried to focus. "I need a clean shirt." He stated, more to himself than Rick as he dug through his dresser. A few moments later he was back to his determined mind set and ready to tackle their new adventure, "Alright, Rick. Let's do this." He looked up at his grandfather with more confidence than he felt. Rick nodded and fired a portal, "Morty, whatever happens, stay close to me okay?" Morty swallowed air in his throat, "I will." He answered before stepping into the portal first.

Morty's foot fell onto a glossy tiled floor in an unlit corridor with a low ceiling. The portal collapsed behind him, Rick nowhere to be seen. "What? No!" Morty spun on his heel, looking for his companion. "Just you and me." A voice echoed above him, "I hope he's worth it." Lights flicked around Morty and he saw a door at the end of the hall. Steeling his nerves, he made his way to it and entered with a short intake of air. The ceiling rose several feet, opening up over a massive room with metal partitions. Hanging on each wall of the metal maze, by chains, cuffs and meat hooks, were dozens of other Mortys. The President spoke above him again, "You can find your way out and see your Rick again, or you can save all of them."



Rick swore loudly when the portal collapsed, a strange electric current surrounding it. He fired the gun again without success, his portals were being blocked. "God dammit!" He slammed a fast against a wall and sped through his options. Deciding on the fastest route, Rick left Morty's room and jumped down the stairs. He got to the garage and shot a portal outside of the citadel, jumped into his ship, and disappeared into the green light. He parked on an orbiting asteroid just outside of citadel space. From here could catch a ride on a Citadel supply ship, and hopefully slip through security. The situation was much more serious than he'd considered, the President was clearly more powerful than he'd realized. No one else but himself had figured out how to remotely close and block portals, not a single other Rick or any interdimensional alien. How was this Morty as intelligent as him?

Heart racing and hands shaking, Morty approached the first victim, shackled to a chain link fence. His lungs felt like they weren't filling with his breaths as he scaled the fence wall to reach his other self, "Listen, can you hear me? I'm Morty from earth dimension C-137, I'm gonna try and get you down okay?" The crying boy on the fence shook his head as he stifled his sobs. C-137 pried apart a twisted piece of the fence and bent it toward the metal cuff, using the bent wire to jam the tumblers in the lock. A few moments of maneuvering, the cuff clicked and released and the captive Morty fell to the ground with a yelp. "I'm sorry we don't have more time for you to recover but we have to move and I need your help." C-137 dropped to the ground and knelt down to help the prisoner Morty to his feet. "I-I can w-walk..." He said weakly. Nodding, C-137 turned and lead his other self to through a right turn to find another one of them self in a hanging cage. C-137 looked at the flat metal wall infront of them on which the hook was fastened, holding the cage ten feet off the ground. The chain link fence was opposite the cage, and C-137 knew what to do.

Carefully scaling the fence again, C-137 climbed higher than the hook and hung out over the corridor. "Hang on tight!" He called the caged Morty. With a deep breath he lunged off the fence and grasped the bars of the cage, the added weight stressing the chain and dropping them both. C-137 hit the ground with a dull thud, and a crash followed. The cage broke open and the other Morty had fallen out. The first escapee helped the new addition up as C-137 dusted himself off. "Come on, we have to keep moving." The trio closed ranks before continuing, the distant and echoing wails of other Morty's leading them through the expansive maze.

C-137 rounded corner after corner, dead end after dead end, and captive self after captive self, gaining speed as he gained more selves to help in the recovery of the remaining prisoners. They were a small army of 20 Mortys strong when they finally reached the end. An enormous steel gate stood before them with a red light to the right of it. Before C-137 could begin to determine how to get through it the light turned green and it slid open. "Congratulations." The President said from somewhere above. C-137 glanced back at the others before leading them out. Now he had to find Rick.

A shuttle skated by close enough for Rick to make a jump in a space suit from the asteroid to the rear of the passing ship. The grip on his glove exterior sealed fast to the shuttled and Rick carefully held himself against the cargo door. His arms were feeling numb by the time it came to a stop before docking at the Citadel and he was able cloak himself with the reflective surface of his space suit for only a few moments. Sneaking carefully through the unloading stations and into the civilian part of the Citadel, he stripped the suit and dropped it behind a potted plant as he disappeared into the throng of other Ricks. Waiting until he felt comfortably shuffled in with his other selves, he looked at one of his watches, relieved to see a blip on the screen of Morty's location. At least he wasn't completely hidden. He followed the most linear path as he closed the distance and realized there were less and less civilians and a growing number of guards. Rick saw in the distance a set of massive steel doors leading to what seemed to be nowhere. That had to be it.

Hiding in an abandoned hallway, Rick activated another cloaking device on one of his other watches, this one scrambling security devices surrounding him. A lone Rick guard rounded the corner and C-137 lunged at him, quickly catching him in a head lock and knocking him out. Shucking off his own clothes, C-137 swapped their outfits before venturing back out and making a bee line for his target. "Stop there and present your badge." Another guard stated boredly as he approached. C-137 presented the badge and the guard scanned it, "Proceed." He pressed a button and the doors slowly opened. Rick stepped into a dark room and the doors shut with a resonating bang behind him. He glanced around nervously, eyes scanning the darkness for any sign of light or movement. The lights flipped on and stung his sight briefly. Before him, in his usual black suit and red tie, stood the President, hands clasped behind his back, "Glad to see you again, Rick. I was hoping we could have some one on one time." He smiled slightly, striding toward Rick. "Where the hell is my grandson?" Rick snarled. The President scoffed, "He's too late." As he spoke, other Ricks stepped into view from the surrounding rooms, armed with rifles and pistols as they closed in on C-137.

Morty lead his other selves to what they believed was an exit, but found a glass wall separating them from what lay beyond. "What now?" Morty sighed, running his hands over the glass. Blinding light suddenly exploded in the room on the other side of the window and Morty saw Rick standing in the center of a shrinking circle of Rick guards, the President looking on with satisfaction. Morty slammed his fists into the glass and beat with all his strength as the other Ricks raised their guns and powered them up, "NO!" He cried helplessly as the dozen Ricks fired at his grandfather, green light erupting from each gun.



Residual smoke from the multiple laser blasts clouded the room for several moments. Before it settled a blinding glow appeared from the center of the room in the shape of an orb. It shrank to the form of a man, and through the window Morty could see the smoke clear and the figure of his grandfather kneeling. His heart leapt and he turned to the freed variants of his self, "I need your help one more time before we're all free. That Rick there, in the center? He'll help us, but we have to help him first." C-137 pointed at the glass. The others looked between each other before nodding collectively at him. "On the count of three, help me break this glass."

Standing slowly, brushing off the dirt kicked up on his guard's uniform from the small explosions of the lasers. The glow of the shield shimmered and disappeared and Rick fisted his gloved hands. He looked around at the President and sneered before turning to the surrounding Ricks and motioning for them to come at him. The squad of guards rushed him all at once. He ran at the nearest one and leap-frogged over his head, leading them all to slam head first into each other. "Ahaha, you fuckwads!" He cackled. Some fell flat on their backs, others stumbled backward, clutching their foreheads. The first to raise his gun at Rick received a fist to the bridge of his nose, effectively breaking it and bruising both his eyes, "Shoulda stayed down." He spat at the crumpled body. The remaining handful had recovered and raised their weapons. Rick grinned as his pulse raced, he'd been over due for a good fight.

Taking a running start he landed a fist in the groin of the closest guard, causing him to double over with a painful grunt and leaving his rifle open for the taking. Using him as a stepping stone, Rick launched himself into the air and fired several rapid shots at two other guards, leaving gaping holes in their chests and faces. Rick's ankle was grabbed while still in the air, and he was yanked to the floor forcefully. "Shit!" He yelped as he slammed against the cement. The two remaining Ricks raised their guns at him, pistols charged as they trained on his forehead. He raised his hands, "W-wa-wait guys, we can work this out- Just cause you're working for a ruthless, underhanded, evil dictator d-doesn't mean we can't f-find a peaceful solu-" The deafening sound of shattering glass interrupted him and a small herd of Mortys, lead by his own, flooded in. They charged the closest guard to Rick, allowing him spin around and kick the weapon out of the other guard's hand, then his feet out from under him. Rick climbed on top of him and chuckled, "Damn, I look good on bottom." And blew the guard's skull to a wet, splattered mess on the floor.

Morty let his other selves help his grandfather so he could approach the President, who had been watching happily the entire time, hands clasped behind his back. "I'm n-not gonna l-let you abuse us or our Ricks anymore." C-137 hissed as he faced his sinister counterpart. 'Evil' Morty laughed, "Well then, Mortimer. Let me see what a devoted grandson can do." He slid his feet apart and raised his fists, his right eye lighting up red. "Morty don't be stupid-" Rick called from across the room but with the flick of his hand, Evil Morty raised robotic tendrils from the floor to grab him. The other Mortys tried to help but were treated to the same fate. C-137 glanced back at them, at everything he had to lose, at everyone who was depending on him. Every single infinite Rick and Morty would be at risk if he failed. He wouldn't.

Facing his adversary once again, Morty took a steadying breath and carefully balanced himself. He shut his eyes and tried to take the reins of his mind. Evil Morty laughed again, "Are you giving me the first move?" His voice full of contempt. C-137 barely heard him, his ears hearing his own racing heart instead. His thoughts returned to long ago, when Rick had revealed an experiment he'd performed on Morty but had never tested successfully in a controlled environment. C-137 had never forgotten. He'd spent sleepless nights and entire school days learning to make use of it, but never telling anyone. He'd never perfected his use of the abilities that he had discovered but he didn't have a choice now, he had to be successful. Rick's intentions had been for the subdermal chip inside his grandson to be able to call upon dormant nano-bots within Morty's blood stream to restructure his physical makeup to turn him into a car. But Morty had seen many more possibilities, if he could just take control.

Evil Morty chose not to wait for his opponent to be ready, activating a humming red laser in his glowing eye and leading it across the floor, destroying it as it got to C-137. As the weapon connected with C-137's skin, he erupted in an agonizing scream, but not from the laser. His flesh burst off his limbs, blood soaking his shirt, shreds of skin dropping from him to reveal a metal endoskeleton. "What the fuck?!" Rick gasped as he struggled against his restraints. The transformation was successful, but painful. C-137 dropped to his hands and knees, trembling in agony as his nerves recovered. "Oh-ho. What's this? Look at you, son. You did what the rest of us never could! I'm proud of you, Morty. You're so much more than your Rick." Evil Morty strode over to him, "It's too bad you're blinded by your love for him to see how much better your life would be without him." He looked down at his combatant, and dragged him to his feet by his hair, taking a handful as he did so. C-137 wheezed, catching his breath, feeling his head swim, "You... You're j..." His voice failed. Evil Morty snickered, "So weak. You can't even argue with me." C-137 caught his balance and brought his eyes up to challenge Evil Morty's stare. "You're just like your own Rick. Th-the one that abandoned you. You're numb and lonely and miserable. You're empty a-and pathetic because you're too weak to trust again, l-like a petulant child! Y-You abuse your other selves be-because you want to punish yourself for th-th-the awful things you've done but y-yo-you don't have the spine to-to take accept the consequences of your own sh-shitty decisions! I don't have to be a-a hero to know you're the worst, o-of all of us! And you don't deserve to live among us." With those last words, C-137 lunged at Evil Morty and clamped a metal fist around his throat. Evil Morty's right eye fired again, skinning the side C-137's face and leaving only metal skeleton underneath. He pounded his hands into his attacker's body to no avail as C-137 slammed his head against the solid floor. The room was eerily silent as Evil Morty slowly stopped fighting. After several minutes, his face blue, Evil Morty's hands dropped to the floor. C-137 released a breath he didn't realize he's been holding and fell back to look at his work.

Rick broke his way out of his bindings and released the other Mortys before approaching his own. "M-Morty?" His voice was timid and fearful. C-137 looked up at him, exhaustion showing on the small patch of face left over his endoskeleton. "Heh.... Subdermal... Chip... F-for...the nano-bots.." He panted. Rick knelt next to him, unable to hide his concern as he reached for him, "Morty, what-" But his words halted when his grandson fainted in his arms. The other Mortys gathered around them, mumbling between themselves. "I-if you help us get out, w-we can take h-him to someone who-who can help." One of them spoke to Rick. Rick looked up at the variants of his grandson, all so different yet similar to each other. He nodded silently, scooped up C-137 and stood, "Let's go."



Sunlight slowly engulfed the room and drew conscious thought to Morty, lying in his own bed, snuggled up under his heavy comforter. He slowly became aware of having feeling in his limbs, and tried to move them. He was able to sit up and let his eyes adjust to the brightness surrounding him. With some effort, Morty fished for his most recent recollections. The Citadel. He checked his arm for the watch Rick gave him, it was gone. Looking around frantically he found it in a pile on the floor next to his bed, he flipped through several screens and found a blip. His Rick was nearby. It was this realization that calmed him before his anxiety could get a footing. Morty pressed a button on the screen and laid back on his bed, failing to find a memory of how he got home.

Hunched over his work bench, trying and failing to make progress on his current project, Rick sighed and scrubbed his face with his hands. He sat like that for several minutes, his stubble scratching the palms of his hands. Rick had not slept, showered or shaved in three days. Deciding on a cup of coffee, he stood and stretched. He was at the door of the garage to the house when his watch beeped at him. His heart jumped into his throat and he tore through the kitchen, living room, and up the stairs is less than ten seconds. Morty had barely fallen back on his pillows and covered his face with his arm when his door swung open suddenly. He sat up again, regretting this immediately as his head throbbed. Morty clutched his forehead but called out for his grandfather. "Rick?" His voice broke, mouth and throat uncomfortably dry. He looked up as Rick dropped to his knees next to Morty's bed. Rick said nothing but wrapped Morty in a tight hug, burying his face in Morty's stomach. "R-Rick?" Morty asked again, threading his fingers through Rick's hair. He didn't get an answer. Rick just hugged him in silence for several minutes before crawling into his bed. Pulling Morty to him to cuddle, Rick said quietly, "I had t-to over ride the nano-bot coding to reprogram them. I-It didn't take long, I had your skin grown back i-in a matter of hours. But I couldn't get y-you to wake up" Morty felt grief in his chest as he remembered what had happened.

He had managed to harness the nano-bots in his cells to restructure himself. Without the necessary control over the automotive build directive, the nano-bots only retained one detail in their mission, machine. So his skin has fallen away to metal endoskeleton and he'd crushed the life out of the President. Morty had so many questions, but this wasn't the moment for them. Rick must have brought Morty back in shambles as his body failed to remember its original structure. After finding the authorization to take over the nano-bots, he'd had to wait for them to rebuild Morty entirely, from the bones out. But even after healing all the obvious wounds Morty hadn't woken. Rick had been alone for a long time. "I'm s-sorry I took so long. I think m-my body just needed sleep." Morty looked up at Rick and gingerly pressed a kiss to his mouth. Rick welcomed the affection and tightened his arms around him. Morty pulled away briefly, "What about mom and Summer?" Rick answered quickly, "They're fine. They thought you were spending the night at your friends this whole time. Your dad is here doing laundry." He added as an after thought. Morty nodded and resumed the kiss, offering his tongue to Rick, who took it greedily.

Jerry was starting a second load of clothes when he determined now would be the best opportunity to poke around Morty and Rick's rooms. He had to find evidence to present Beth before he could tell her what he knew. Then she'd finally cut Rick out of her life forever and he could have his family back. He started the washing machine and made his way up the stairs. Rick's room would surely be booby trapped, so Jerry settled for Morty's room. He didn't bother stopping to listen to see if anyone was there's because Beth said Rick was staying in the garage for a project and Morty was at a friend's house. As he stepped in he was confronted with the sight of his son caressing his father-in-law's face and sucking on his tongue with fervor. Rick's eyes were lazily half lidded as he gripped Morty's thigh and savored the kiss. "Morty, what the hell!" Jerry yelped in shock and horror. Both Rick and Morty jumped and turned to face the intruder. "What the hell, you, dad! Wh-what the fuck did I say about barging into my room without warning?! I-I told you you'd see something y-you didn't want to. Get the fuck out, god dammit!" Morty snapped loudly, grabbing a shoe from beside his bed and pitching it at his father. Jerry ducked and scrambled back out the door spouting cusses and apologies, frantically swapped back and forth.

Morty sat heaving angrily at his door when Rick burst into laughter beside him. "Morty, holy shit!" He hiccuped, "That was incredible!" His eyes were watering. Morty couldn't help but smile embarrassedly, "W-well... I'm s-sick of him doing that." He shrugged. Rick pulled him back down and continued their interrupted kiss, hands roaming over Morty's chest and waist quickly. Morty hugged Rick's neck and let himself be pulled onto him. "I'm glad you're okay." Rick said quietly. Morty littered kisses over Rick's neck, "Thanks to you, a-as always." Rick hummed and pulled the hem of his boxers down as Rick's fingers spread over each ass cheek. Morty felt a shiver run up his spine. "I need s-some stress re-relief, Morty, three days is too long." Rick's voice dripped a few octives, "Three stressful days. I wanna sink my teeth into you." He did just as he'd desired, tilting Morty's head aside gently and bit into the skin before him. Morty crowed on top of him as Rick sucked and bit a mark into his skin. Rick felt Morty roll his hips against him and he thrust up to meet his friction, groaning as they grinded their growing erections together. Rick flipped them and leaned over his grandson, "Don't ever scare me like that again you little turd." He said as his lips trailed down Morty's neck and stomach


—I'll love you with every single beat of my heart—

Kssht

42-to-0 with the Tzhi'tums in the lead. They're really taking

Kssht

was last reported fleeing the Pavo-21 Cluster. Authorities warn

Rick's fingers danced over the radio controls, stubbornly switching between frequencies like an addict at the penny slots as he looked out through the cracked windshield. His knee steadying the steering wheel and one hand still flitting over the console, he flicked a glance at his coordinates. Good. He was making better time than he'd expected. He tapped a finger against the side of the portal gun on his thigh, which was still warm from his earlier escape, rapping out an unheard beat.

"C'mon, c'mon, c'mon," he muttered.

Kssht

ghablaghabla? Gag'hablagh gabla ?745-12O gablaga

A planet of swirling orange and blue, large enough to fill the entire view from his right side window, drifted by as he hurdled through space at the limits of his ship's speed. The mishmash of junkyard parts convulsed under the strain, shaking its pilot in his seat, and metal grated on metal in the overheated engine space beneath Rick's feet.

Rick gave a tight-lipped grin and ran a thumb over the worn leather of the steering wheel. "Don't worry, girl. We're almost there. Y-you'll maAUGHke—make it just fine." Another shudder, and the bags on the seat beside him clinked and shifted to the seat's edge. "You've gotten me outta worse scrapes before."

Kssht

another crushing defeat for the Clot'os Razors in their 219thhome game

Static licked at the edges of the sportscaster's commentary, a telltale sign that he was fast approaching the edge of the Protected Zone. After he cleared the Gamor Asteroid Belt, then it'd just be a matter of dimension-hopping to the Citadel of Ricks. He couldn't wait to see the look on those fuckers' faces when Rick Sanchez of Dimension X-280 showed up.

They wouldn't know what hit them.

Kssht

—just died in your arms tonight. It must've been some—

"Nah. Still not right." Directing his scowl at the radio, he silently cursed himself for letting that two-timing hustler sell him this piece-of-shit equipment. Hell, he could've slapped together something better in his sleep. "Every station in the galaxy, my ass. C'mon. You gotta have something better than this."

Kssht

a loss in the amount of 45 trillion uzom. Bank president told police

Kssht

—ooh, watch me. Ooh, watch me. Ooh, watch me—

"No," he mumbled.

Kssht

the suspect is considered armed and dangerous

Kssht

from dreary to dazzling in minutes! Simply add

"No, no." He flicked impatiently between the stations, searching for the right tune, something to fit the mood. It needed to have energy, solid lyrics, and a sick beat. Music lay at the heart of every good party, and Rick had every reason to celebrate today.

Kssht

advised to keep watch for a class-C Rick leaving the Protected Zone

Kssht

—another one bites the dust—

Kssht

units left just hours ago in hot pursuit

"Whoa-ho! Back up there now!" Rick twisted the knob back in a flurry, his eyes lighting up. "That's more like it!" He laughed loudly in the cramped cockpit, made even more cramped by the mass of black duffel bags piled atop the passenger's seat.

With a flick of another switch, the twin amplifiers installed beneath the baseboards thrummed to life, their vibrations adding to the ship's already quaking frame. Rick relished the beat as it reverberated through him, and he gave himself a mental pat on the back. Yup. This was the perfect way to end the day. Considering all the shit he'd gone through? The months of preparation? The break-in? The death count? He'd even singed his favorite coat in the crossfire. Yeah. He'd earned this.

After all, no getaway was complete without a badass soundtrack.

"And another one gone, and another one gone. Another one bites the dust!" His gravelly voice sang tandem to the alien cover artist, and he belted out the lyrics as the ship banked and pitched wildly, a dangerous mimicry of dance in the hands of the mad scientist. As the nose dipped sharply, one of the duffel bags tumbled forward onto the floor. Its zipper, already stretched by the contents within, finally gave, and a shower of uzom medallions clattered over the metal surface.

"I'm coming, you fuckers!" he shouted over the bass, tuning his portal gun's coordinates to Dimension a-001, to the Citadel.

To the start of everything.

...

"Do I hear 400?"

In the dim of the crowded lounge, a patron raised a tentative hand.

"400! 400 to the gentle-Rick in the back!" the auctioneer's voice boomed, cutting through the hum of muted conversations and clinking glasses. A beep emitted from his dossier, flashing a profile on its translucent screen, and he extrapolated the pertinent information with a cursory glance.

He's new. Only a few bids, no wins yet. Sticks to low-level items.

"400 credits from Rick E-998! Do I hear 450?" Auctioneer Rick's eyes scanned the mass of milling customers—the usual motley crowd of Ricks from every dimension on the central finite curve—before he leaned over the podium and thrust his gavel at the object up for bid on center stage. "Take a good look, fellas. This No Eye Morty is in fine condition. Note the smooth complexion of his face. Be the first Rick to take him home!" He paused for effect, framing one side of his mouth with a hand as though to hide the next comment from the Morty standing just a few feet from him. "Just make sure you hold his hand if you don't want him wandering off on you!"

Budum-tiss

Seated behind a set of drums, a Rick with a Cheshire cat grin held his drumsticks high in anticipation for the next sting.

A smattering of chuckles rippled through the drone of conversation in the smoky room. Some Ricks looked up briefly from the drinks they were nursing, while others toyed with a sleek black card in their hands, taking long draws from their cigarettes. The tips blazed like miniature suns in the dark. Obnoxious cackling erupted from a group of Ricks in one corner of the bar, who were acting for all the world like they couldn't be bothered with the auction being conducted at the front of the lounge.

Eight levels below the grand foyer of the Citadel, Façade Lounge cocooned its patrons within plush, crimson walls and inky black tabletops, a stark contrast to the glassy, sterile planes of the space station's public areas. While silky jazz played overhead, muted lighting cast the bar goers and bidders alike in a constant red haze where they sat or stood amid the tables radiating out from the curtained stage situated front and center. Nestled against the right side of the room, track lighting beneath the bar's counter shimmered over the assortment of liquor bottles on display atop the glass shelves, their contents glistening every color of the rainbow.

Most of the patrons kept their attention on their drinks or talked in low voices with other Ricks at their table as the auction went on. The bartending Rick, busy cleaning glasses, shot a sympathetic look to the Rick on stage.

A line of sweat beaded Auctioneer Rick's brow, and he knew it wasn't just the heat from the stage lights overhead. Jesus. Tough crowd. He glowered at the No Eye Morty as if it were his fault the bids were so low tonight. The Council was getting antsy since the quota hadn't been met last month, and Zeta Alpha Rick had personally promised him—how had he worded it again?—that he'd be pushing up daisies if he screwed the pooch? They'd been banking on this Morty Craze to stay strong at least through the end of the year, but they weren't even through the first quarter yet.

Maybe they'd underestimated a Rick's attention span, the auctioneer mused, before he cleared his throat and continued his act.

"400 going once...going twice..." He slammed the gavel down, garnering a satisfying crack. "Sold to Rick E-998! CongratulBRAUGHations, Brother!" He touched a finger to the screen, draining the winner's funds from his account, before ushering the somewhat dumbfounded Rick forward to claim his Morty.

The poor sap doesn't look like he knows what he's doing, Auctioneer Rick sneered down at him with disdain. He was a relatively low-tier Rick. It was no wonder he'd gone for a No Eye. No one in their right mind would want a No Eye when there were far better choices available. "Newb," he muttered under his breath.

Sheepishly taking the Morty's hand in his own, Rick E-998 gave his latest acquisition a quick up and down with a confused look on his face before glancing around at the now empty stage, like he was expecting something more. Before he could protest, however, a pair of Guard Ricks promptly escorted him through the group of Ricks around the stage and back out to the private elevator lobby that would take him to the Citadel's higher levels.

A string of exotic Mortys followed in short succession: A sulking Business Morty, Rabbit Morty, Mystic Morty—ooh! That brought in 850 credits!—Telekinetic Morty, and, finally, Biker Morty stood before the unimpressed throng, each auctioned off and dragged away by their new Rick with little fanfare.

Thank god that's over. Scrolling down the glowing screen, Auctioneer Rick confirmed he'd finished the last public auction for the night. About time. These public auctions were always a bore. Frankly, he found the whole thing beneath him—a complete waste of his talents. If it weren't for the final auction item made available once a week, he wouldn't even be doing this. A sly grin curled his lips as he read the name of the entry blinking at the bottom of his screen.

After the initial boom in the Morty Craze, the Council had devised the Morty Auction simply to keep the interest alive, marketing it as the new "upscale" way to get your Mortys. Why go running around in the wild for them when you could outbid another Rick instead? They knew that no Rick would turn down the opportunity to gloat over another Rick, and the swanky allure of Façade helped lend to the image of prestige. Ricks fell for it, hook, line, and sinker, practically throwing their money at the Council for the chance to bask in self-assumed glory.

Word spread like wildfire, soon drawing the richest and most intelligent Ricks in the multiverse to flock to the Citadel for a chance to bid. Besides dumping their fortunes into the Citadel's treasury, those Ricks deemed worthy to occupy the Council's more exclusive echelon were branded as Elite. In return for their loyalty and service, they were granted an extra perk, something that only the Council's most devoted subjects were privy even to gaze upon. Because what few Ricks knew was that the auction held more than just No Eyes and colorful Shirt Mortys.

It was a prize like no other, something that left every Rick who experienced it in awe, forever changed. The rumors ran rampant throughout the galaxies, spoken in hushed tones over transdimensional cell phones and in dirty subway bathroom stalls.

Now things are gonna get good. Plastering on his trademark smile that would put Salesman Rick to shame, Auctioneer Rick addressed the audience with a flourish of his outstretched hands. He had no need for a mic as his crisp voice pierced the room.

"And that concludes tonight's public auction, folks! You all know the rules!" He clapped twice, like a teacher calling the attention of schoolchildren. "Only private members allowed from here on out! If you don't hold a membership, please kindly—URRAUGHP—get your ass outta here." His voice dropped a few pitches as he glared out across the lounge.

This was the moment that separated the men from the boys. Or, in this case, the Elite from the common-Rick.

A handful of Guard Ricks fanned out through the crowd, weaving between the tables and making short order of anyone who didn't carry the black card that marked them as Elite. Most of the non-Elite only grumbled halfheartedly before shuffling out to the lobby, while those who'd enjoyed their stay at the bar a little too much put up their hands in mock surrender and giggled drunkenly in their escorts' faces. With well-practiced motions, the drummer Rick quickly packed his drumsticks away and disappeared behind stage.

On his way to the exit, one particularly volatile drunk suddenly twisted himself free of the Guards' grasp, scrambling to the stage's edge and grabbing at the hem of the auctioneer's cloak. He held tight even as a pair of Guards seized him around the waist.

"W-what'vyou got up—hic!—up there, huh? Huh?!" Spittle flew from his chapped lips as he stared daggers at the auctioneer. "I know you've got sumfin! We all know it!"

Flinging a look of dismay at the pest, Auctioneer Rick wrenched the fabric free. He smoothed the planes of his cloak down, ignoring the screaming Rick who was dragged unceremoniously out of the room. The large cushioned doors swished quietly behind his struggling form, swallowing him whole.

You just earned yourself a one-way elevator ride up, Rick H-122. Auctioneer Rick jabbed a finger at a button on the profile displayed on his screen, and a large X blinked over the Rick's face. The Council had allocated a fair amount of control to Auctioneer Rick, and he wasn't afraid to use it to put some pieces of shit in their place. The profile, now grayed out, slid over to his shit list of malcontents that were permanently barred from accessing the private elevator which led directly to Façade.

Rolling his shoulders and cricking his neck to the left and right, Auctioneer Rick steeled himself for the next act. Head down, he raised a single hand and snapped his fingers once. Immediately, the stage lights lowered to a glow from their former glare, hushing the spectators like the very air had been sucked out of the room. The jazz playing from the speakers was replaced with a low synthetic beat, the strong bass sending tantalizing pulses through the remaining Ricks who watched with rapt attention. The energy in the room turned on a dime, conversations dying mid-sentence and every pair of eyes in the room fixed on the lone figure atop the stage.

This was always Auctioneer Rick's favorite part.

"Gentle-Rick." He spread his arms wide, watching with satisfaction as his audience tracked his movements closely. "As members of the Elite, you are in the Council's good graces and have earned the very exclusive privilege of participating in Façade's, shall we say...after-hours auction." Ricks visibly shifted in their seats, a few of the newer members clutching their black cards with ill-concealed zeal. A trio of Ricks seated at a table near the front snorted at their brethren's blatant display of naïve optimism.

"We know you're anxious to get started. You've paid good money to be here, and you've been patient enough to wait for this moment. But before we begin, I'm obligated to lay out the—URRP—ground rules." This sent a ripple of grumbles through the room, a few voices rising in complaint. Auctioneer Rick raised a palm to his audience.

"Now, now. Most of you have probably heard these before, but remember that we have some new members among us." He winked at the haughty-looking Rick seated in the middle of the trio. He was plumper than his neighbors, and lavish diamonds glittered on his gold-clad fingers. "And, after all, we can't all be like Rick H-531 here. He's won the auction more times than I can count. But I'm sure we appreciate his formula for harnessing zero energy he thought up last time." Most of the room laughed, and the wealthy Rick tilted his head good-naturedly, a heavy golden necklace clinking around his thick neck.

The playful smile dropped from Auctioneer Rick's features as he recited his speech by rote. "Rule number one: The winner of the auction will be allowed a maximum of four hours to spend with his prize in the designated accommodations. The Rick may come and go during the duration of said session but cannot take anything with him. Amendment to rule number one: First-time winners are allotted only one hour." He raised his hands again to quell the mumble of questions from the audience. "We found out the hard way that not everyone likes to play by the rules. This is just a precauAURGHtionary measure." When the muttering died down, he continued.

"Rule number two: The winning Rick will have free use of the tools supplied by the Council. No personal effects will be permitted in the room during the allotted time." On cue, a Guard Rick rolled a pushcart out from behind the thick curtain, parking it within Auctioneer Rick's reach, before retreating backstage again. Auctioneer Rick strutted around the cart, picking up various items from its top shelf as he continued.

"The tools are to be returned in working order." He paused to brandish a taser in front of the captive audience, a jolt of electricity sparking from its metal prongs. "And in the same condition as originally found...within reason." He skipped over a set of thin metal pins laid out on a velvet cloth like fine cutlery, electing instead to pick up a cat-o-nine-tails. "All devices are routinely sterilized after each use and are guaranteed to be hygienically safe.

"Rule number three: No permanent damage is allowed. This includes excessive scarring, burning, dismemberment," he stopped to shoot a glare at a Rick who was seated in one of the booths, his legs spread lewdly wide, showing off the gaudy belt buckle just above his crotch. Ignoring the biting glare, the seated Rick only rolled his eyes like a petulant teenager, working a worn toothpick between his teeth.

Auctioneer Rick went on, "disfigurement, or impairment. Leaving marks of any kind is generally discouraged, though permissible, provided it is done with the intention of achieving the desired results." He placed particular emphasis on the last two words, sharing a knowing look with the Ricks in the audience.

"Rule number four: All proprietary information about and relating to the auction is considered confidential, and no participating Rick may disclose said information to any third parties without express permission from the Council." He broke from script to chuckle, "Trust me, guys. You ain't ever gonna get it, so you might as well keep yer traps shut if you know what's good for you."

This helped to break the tension that had been building over the course of his introductory speech, uneasy chuckles filtering through the assembly. Ricks gave each other strained smiles as though they were all friendly neighbors rather than feral dogs vying for the same piece of meat.

"Lastly, rule number five: All Intellectual Property obtained during the designated session is and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Council. The Rick will be granted an indefinite interdimensional license of said Intellectual Property and shall pay to the Council a 40% royalty fee of all net profits derived from the distribution, sale, and use of the license.

"Any breach of the aforementioned rules will result in immediate suspension of the Rick's status as Elite, forfeiture of all licensed Intellectual Property, and possible permanent banishment from the Citadel." His speech over, he loosened his shoulders, shrugging back on his persona as the wisecracking auctioneer. Clasping his hands smartly together, he added, "If there are no further questions..." A pause, but no one so much as burped. In the stock-still air, Auctioneer Rick let his voice drop to silky depths, knowing he already had each ear in the lounge hanging on his every word.

"Do you want to see him?"

Twirling back and letting his long cloak fan out behind him, Auctioneer Rick stuck out one hand to the curtain and bellowed, "Bring him out!" Pulleys curled back the curtain like a widening smile, and a lone Guard Rick walked out, pushing a small figure in front of him with gentle prods of his gloved hand.

It was a Morty, draped in a simple white cloth that wrapped around his slender waist and was slung loosely over one shoulder. His bare feet faltered during the short trek across the stage, and he kept his head bowed, blinking blearily as though even the dimmed lights were too bright for his sensitive eyes. Brown hair fell to the small of his back, and unlike the dreadlock quality of a Peace Morty, this Morty's hair had been meticulously brushed until it shined, arranged in a loose braid and tied off with a delicate white ribbon. A rosy blush warmed his cheeks, and his plump lips glistened with a generous application of gloss. When he'd reached his mark at the front by Auctioneer Rick's side, he teetered in place, not looking up from a spot on the floor.

A flurry of gasps and soft whispers rose from the lounge floor, the more curious Ricks in the back pressing closer to get a better look.

"So he's the one?"

"Is that the one everyone's been going on about?"

"I don't get it. This one doesn't look so special to me."

"You don't know—UOAGHRP—what you're talkin' about. He's the one."

"The one."

The one. The One.

The more experienced Ricks present knew that the boy's reputation preceded him. Even though this Morty had never set foot outside Façade or his own chambers, it seemed like every Morty in the Citadel knew about him, though never by name. Auctioneer Rick had seen firsthand how the Mortys would stiffen around a Rick who had recently been in The One's company. Their young eyes would take on a glazed-over look, their lips working over the moniker, as if chanting a mantra. The One. The One. The One. The effect would only last a moment, disappearing without the Morty ever knowing it'd happened. Whenever pressed by his Rick about it, the Morty would shrug and say he'd been daydreaming.

Standing so close to The One now, Auctioneer Rick felt a tickle run across his brain, making the hairs on his scalp stand on end as though electrocuted. His nose itched, and he blinked back the sudden wetness that pricked his eyes. He shook his head, trying to extricate the odd sensation that always overtook him when he was in close proximity to the kid. He sniffed the tickle away before launching into the next phase of the auction.

He turned and gave a curt nod to the Guard Rick who then swiftly kicked the Morty in the back of the legs, knocking him down. The boy cried out in pain as his knees smacked hard against the stage floor.

Instantly, the Ricks seated closest to the stage jerked their heads up, their nostrils flaring like they'd caught the scent of some mouthwatering dish. A handful scrambled for the napkins at their table and began furiously jotting down notes over the elegant red letter F as they were struck by a flash of eureka. Those among them who were familiar with the routine only leered, licking their lips and husking out a low, "Yeah, baby. That's it."

The euphoric effect had no sooner died when another wave hit them as the Guard placed one foot on the Morty's shoulder and pinned him mercilessly to the floor. His next strangled cry got the attention of every Rick in the room, some getting up from their seats to stumble in awe toward the stage, drawn like magnets to the source of their sudden bout of clarity and acumen.

To anyone else, the commotion would have appeared strange, but Auctioneer Rick was accustomed to it. As a witness to countless auctions already, he knew full-well the effect this Morty had on Ricks. Part of him sympathized with the audience's sudden loss of control, even missed it, thanks to the mandatory inhibitors he took that blocked the Morty's full impact on him. He waved impatiently at the Guard, signaling for him to back off The One and haul him to his feet, before turning to address the audience in full.

"How did you all enjoy that little sample? Consider it on the house. But if you want the full experience, get ready to open your wallets." He rubbed his hands together appreciatively. "Shall we begin the bidding at 100,000?"

The cacophony of voices that swelled from the audience drowned out the tail-end of his speech as the participants surged eagerly to the stage, each trying to be heard in the fray. The black cards they waved wildly in their hands streamed their bids straight to Auctioneer Rick's tablet, sparing him the need to call for higher bids as they piled one on top of the other in a fierce skirmish. 100,000 grew in just a few moments to 225,000, then a cool 300,000. A line of Guard Ricks placed in front of the stage's raised platform kept the more overzealous bidders at bay, their rifles an effective deterrent. Unwilling to back down completely, several Ricks settled for pacing in a tight switchback like caged animals, never taking their eyes off the prize onstage.

460,000. 500,000.

Auctioneer Rick kept his eyes on his screen as the digits whirred by in a blur. The bidding Rick's profile appeared and disappeared just as quickly alongside the figure, each higher amount quickly pushing the newest loser lower on the list. The crowd mirrored the same as the more domineering Ricks knocked black cards out of their competitors' hands or bodily forced them down with underhanded jabs to the gut and well-placed kicks, and soon the entire room was on the brink of an all-out brawl.

Safe behind the podium, Auctioneer Rick watched the display of savagery like a ruler looking down on his peasants from on high. Though he knew he too was merely a cog in the system, he couldn't help but feel a sense of power in his position. Unlike the tediousness of the public auctions, this was where he really shined. He was completely in his element, the fuckin' master of ceremonies, and he reveled in the energy of the stage.

The only bitter truth was that not all the attention was actually intended for him.

Leaving the Guards to handle crowd control, he glanced over at the target of everyone's mad desire—the unassuming little boy in his little bedsheet. Poor bastard, Auctioneer Rick sneered.

The Morty seemed completely unaffected by the storm of chaos around him. In stark contrast to the heaving mass of bodies before him, he stood as still as a statue, either entirely unaware of or indifferent to the fact that he was the very cause of the bedlam. The sedatives administered to him earlier made his eyes wet with moisture, and his hands hung loosely at his sides. He didn't even stir when the cloth on his shoulder slipped slovenly to reveal pale skin marked by week-old bruises.

600,000.

More than half of the Ricks had already backed out of the bidding war, turning their attention to the bar or exchanging consoling words with their fellow losers, promising that they'd save up enough to win someday. Others were already negotiating how they could pool their earnings and split the profits, but who did they think they were kidding? A Rick knew better than to trust a Rick.

630,000. 650,000.

The outpouring of bids had stymied to a trickle as more Ricks reached the limits of their funds. Those who'd been outbid moodily crossed their arms over their chests or distracted themselves with a hard drink. While some tried to stretch their budget, blatant overdraft bids were swiftly dismissed as the system cross-checked them against the funds listed within their profile, leaving only a small handful of bidders left, and even that number was quickly dwindling. H-531 still sat comfortably at his table, lazily flashing his card to squash any feeble attempts to outbid him. If Auctioneer Rick recalled correctly, this was his first visit in several weeks. He was eager for another Epiphany to pad his checkbook, no doubt.

Two more Ricks dropped out of the running, and when the final figure—675,000—held for a few uninterrupted seconds, Auctioneer Rick raised his gavel to announce the end of the auction. As a courtesy to tradition, he began the countdown.

"675 going once. Going twice..."

Just as he began his downward swing, a voice interrupted his speech.

"Hold up! Coming through! M-move it, buddy." A fissure split through the crowd as Rick of Dimension X-280 barged his way through from the back. Dragging a pair of matching black bags across the floor in one hand, he swaggered to the space in front of the stage, stepping on more than a few toes and earning hisses and curses from the corridor of Ricks that framed him.

"Yeah, yeah. Sorry I'm late. We still doing this bidding thing o-or what?" He propped his hands on his hips and scrunched his nose as he squinted up at the Morty on the lit stage. A cryptic grin crossed his lips before he nodded to himself, looked over at Auctioneer Rick, and nodded again.

"All right, Brother. I'm in."

...

"E-excuse me, but you can't just— W-where did—" Auctioneer Rick sputtered, practically stumbling over his podium, the urge to storm off the stage and give the intruder a sound throttling propelling him forward. The unexpected interruption had left his composure shattered, making him trip over his tongue like a—a goddamn common-Rick! Every second spent out of character was only further tarnishing the well-oiled machine that was the Morty Auction, and it was all thanks to this pompous, little...

He glared down at the party crasher in their midst, a slender Rick wearing a drab, short-sleeved jumpsuit in place of the trademark lab coat and slacks. The fit and design reeked of manual labor—and was that a cigarette burn on his collar? Auctioneer Rick found himself making a face at the sight of such low-class attire. Standing just beyond the periphery of the stage lights, the figure was cast in dull tones, only an odd shimmer from his right eye glistening through the darkness. When the Rick shifted, easing weight off of one leg to the other, the shimmer disappeared like a guillotine falling straight and clean.

Auctioneer Rick quickly bit down on his next words, not trusting his tongue to keep from spoiling his impeccable reputation any further with another pathetic stutter. Whoever this asshole was, he still had an auction to run. With a deep breath, he discreetly centered himself and smoothed a hand down the plane of his chest. If there was one thing he loathed, it was being upstaged. "How kind of you to join us this evening, Brother. I trust you have a membership?" He flashed his most patronizing smile at the new Rick, lacing his fingers together on the podium while he gave a slight nod. In a heartbeat, a handful of Guard Ricks encircled the intruder, their hands on their guns in an imposing display.

Rick X-280 only snorted in derision but obediently raised his arms, one hand reaching for the chain around his neck. "J-Jesus Christ, guys. All right already. Take a chill pill. I've got it right here." With that, he tugged free the black card from beneath his collar, pivoting at his hips to let it dangle in front of the ring of Guards' faces. "Look. See? We all good? I'm totally one of—EURP—one of you dick wads."

Without giving a response, Auctioneer Rick coolly checked his tablet. Any Rick who set foot in the Citadel had his genetic makeup automatically scanned by the station's surveillance system and registered into the central database. Dimensional origin, criminal history, funds, and any noteworthy tidbits of information were quickly tallied on any Rick who had business within the Citadel's walls. Rogue Ricks wouldn't get very far without tripping the alarms.

Only a few select rooms were sequestered from the system—mainly spaces reserved for council business, which was always held at the highest level of confidentiality—but Façade Lounge was not one of them. If anything, profiles on the Elite Ricks were of particular interest to the Council as they kept routine tabs on their subjects' activities and, more importantly, their coffers.

When Auctioneer Rick tapped the screen to bring up the reading, however, a crossed-out profile flashed onto the display, rife with jittering and spasming pixels that rendered the profile illegible.Damn bugs. I thought they fixed this thing. He tapped the corner of the device against his podium, and when he checked the reading again, he was looking at a new profile. X-280? That was so low on the totem pole, he couldn't remember the last time he'd seen a Rick from that dimension. All this fuss from an X-Rick? What's he trying to prove?

He snorted at the three simple dashes that stood in place of the usual monetary figure in the corner of the profile, indicating that the funds were too low even to register in the system. His earlier dismay was swiftly replaced with the promise of cheap entertainment, and Auctioneer Rick smiled anew with genuine guile. "All right, boys," he said, calling off his dogs. "Let him play."

When the Guards retreated, Rick adjusted his collar with sharp jerks, clearly put off but relieved all the same. "About goddamn—that's more like it." He crossed his arms with a pout, legs spread wide in a defiant stance. "That any way to treat a paying customer?"

"And what exactly are you paying with, sir?" Auctioneer Rick countered. "The bid's at 675 grand, and I don't see how you expect to—"

"700."

A cheerful blip sounded from the tablet. Auctioneer Rick jerked his gaze back to the screen, checking the insufficient fund marker again—yes, it was still there, unmoved—but for reasons he couldn't understand, the amount had gone through. Before he could register how it could be happening, however, a buzz of protests filled the air.

"Wh-who in the hell does this guy thiAURGHnk he is?"

"You can't let this jerk in now! Isn't there a time limit or something?"

"Hey, asshole! Auction's over! Beat it!" One Rick cupped his hands around his mouth and booed loudly, inciting more to join, and soon half of the room was crowing and jeering at him.

Even though they were well out of the running, many of the Elite were less than thrilled with the idea of a latecomer showing them up. They'd worked their asses off to gain their prized status with the Council, and this Rick was waving his card around on a chain like it was a freaking bus pass! The brazen insult flayed their already bruised egos, and the Ricks standing closest to the outsider bullied their way toward him in an unmistakable threat.

Rick stood his ground, maneuvering himself between the challengers and his bags before raising his hands in fists. His eyes spat daggers as he looked about ready to jumpstart the impending fight.

"Easy on offa 'im, broh," a smooth voice cut through the tension, snapping the angry mob of Ricks out of their bloodlust as they turned their heads to the source of the voice. Spurs jangled with each step as a Rick in red cowboy boots and hat sauntered up to place himself between the eager brawlers. Swiping a tongue out to wiggle the toothpick at the corner of his mouth, he hooked his fingers into his belt loops before giving Rick X-280 an appreciative once-over. He didn't fail to notice the way the Rick's gaze rested on the ornate belt buckle at his hips before looking him properly in the face.

"And who the fuck are you supposed to be? The cavalry?" Rick's fists remained where they were, the muscles still tense and ready to land blows at a moment's notice. Just because he was grossly outnumbered didn't mean he'd go down quietly.

Rick of Dimension C-165 tipped his hat up with a flick of his thumb before giving a little bow to Rick. "Now, now, pardner. Ahm on yer side, don' ferget that." He gave a playful smirk, and Rick caught the twinkle of mischief in his shadowed eyes. C-165 then straightened up to address the mob in a firm voice. "Now, sum o' you fellas don' much appreciate our li'l visitor here, ah reckon. But that don' give ya tha right ta keep 'im frum biddin'." The Ricks who'd been inches from knocking the newb's teeth out just a moment ago faltered in their step, all the fight draining out of them as they looked at the cowboy Rick with something bordering on begrudging respect. "An' if'n ya don' mind mah sayin'," he continued in his twangy drawl, "ah'd wager we'd all agree thatta certain sumone's gettin' tah be too big fer'iz britches, ya follow?" He bowed back and pushed out his belly before patting it with both hands, a crude impersonation of the portly Rick seated behind him, oblivious to his antics. "Ain't no finah way tah stir things up a bit than bringin' in sum new blood."

The grumbles from the opposing Ricks eventually ebbed away as realization dawned on them. The last bid had been from H-531, making it his umpteenth victory at the Morty Auction. C-165 had a point. It was time for a change, someone to knock the fat fuck down a few pegs, and soon they were turning their demands to Auctioneer Rick to keep the auction going instead. A rhythmic chant started up, and Auctioneer Rick had to pound his gavel against the podium to regain order.

Amidst the flurry of movement around them, C-165 slid up to Rick's side, his intentions implicit in the way he brushed suggestively against him. He could feel Rick prickle in response, obviously uncomfortable with the sudden invasion of his personal space. "Yer welcome," he stated simply, enjoying the way Rick jerked back in surprise. Dipping his head in closer for a better look, he smiled and gave a little knowing hum of approval. "Them's sum purdy eyes ya got there. Pardner."

Rick stammered, but before he could get something out, C-165 had already turned on his heel, making his way back to his booth. He gave a short wave without turning around and called over his shoulder, "Jus' hope ya know what yer gettin' yerself into."

After finally wrangling the lounge's unruly patrons back in line, Auctioneer Rick ran a hand through his hair, tousled from pounding the gavel raw, and sweat made the smooth locks stick up in messy clumps. Like this night could get any worse. First, the public auction had floundered, and now this X-Rick was threatening to ruin the delicate system he'd spent so long perfecting. He'd almost preferred that the Rick mob had throttled the X-Rick. It certainly would've saved him the headache. Now, however, it seemed the mysterious little troublemaker had already won the hearts of the audience, and they were actually cheering for him. How touching.

He cleared his throat and steeled himself for his next words. "The auction will continue. Rick H-531's last bid of 675,000 was surpassed by Rick X-280's 700. Do I hear 725?"

"725." H-531 answered, lifting his card between two fingers. He looked somewhat amused, as though the unexpected competitor were only an inconvenient delay to his inevitable win. In truth, he was actually curious to see just how badly he could humiliate the brash Rick. Storm in on his turf and outbid him? He didn't think so.

"750," Rick shot back, swiping an abandoned drink from a nearby table and downing its contents. The rest of the lounge goers, content that the night's entertainment was once again in full swing, settled back into their seats or stormed the bar. A particularly generous Rick ordered a round for everyone at his table and the one next to him. The air was electric, a new energy rejuvenating the room as the patrons watched the unfolding spectacle with glee.

"800."

"8-freakin'-50," Rick X-280 answered. Auctioneer Rick's face screwed up as the tablet failed to register the unintelligible amount, and he quirked his brow up at him. "Okay, okay. I meant 850. Jeezus."

"875."

Every eye in the room was glued to the bidding war playing out between the two Ricks, as the numbers were thrown back and forth like a tennis ball in a match. They weren't sure which was more unnerving: the fact that huge sums of money were being thrown down for a Morty—special as he was—or that both competitors seemed equally nonchalant about the matter.

"900." Rick X-280 straddled his long legs on either side of the duffel bags at his feet, never once looking at his bidding rival. His eyes stayed fixed on The One who still wavered onstage. The boy's eyelids were now fluttering like he was fighting a losing battle against fatigue, and more than twice he looked about ready to topple over.

"925," H-531 practically yawned, ignoring the sweat starting to glisten on his two accomplices' foreheads who were exchanging worried glances. The Ricks of H-530 and H-532 were not as comfortable with confrontation as H-531, and they openly fretted over their dear brother's competitive streak. The meeker of the two, H-530, rested a cautious hand on their ringleader's arm and leaned in close to rasp.

"B-brother, y-y-you haven't b-bid this high s-s-since—since that time with C-165. Are you c-certain this R-Rick is w-w-worth it?" He spared a meaningful glance toward the Rick in question who was now casually digging out grime from under his fingernails with the corner of his member card.

H-531's chins jiggled as he chortled and whispered back, "Relax. I'm just having a little fun with him." A satisfied grin dimpled his cheeks as he nestled back in his chair and gestured for 530 and 532 to do the same. "Besides," he added, "the fool looks like he belongs in a body shop. There's no way that grease monkey is going to one-up me in this bid. He's delusional if he thinks he can—"

"Enough with this cocktease bullshit," Rick's voice boomed, interrupting H-531's musings. He winked at the ring of spectators watching. "Let's just make it an even mil' already." Again, Auctioneer Rick shot him a look and Rick rolled his eyes. "One million."

A single bead of sweat dripped down the side of his face as H-531 forced his grin to hold. "One million one hundred thousand," he countered.

"One million two."

The veteran bidder's Adam's apple bobbed, and only the two Ricks next to him could make out the almost indiscernible tremors that shook his frame. "One million three."

"A million four." Rick was now stretching his arms up over the back of his head. He twisted from side to side, going through some kind of calisthenics routine. They were dealing with what was a lifetime's worth of money for many of the Ricks in the room, but Rick of X-280 didn't look fazed in the slightest.

The back-and-forth went on, neither competitor bending and, evidently, with no end in sight. Some Ricks stirred restlessly, their drinks long since finished, and even Auctioneer Rick's patience was beginning to flag.

"One million...nine hundred." After dabbing delicately at his brow with a silk handkerchief, H-531 splayed his hands out on the table's surface, leaving a ring of moisture where the clammy skin touched, and slowly hoisted himself up to stand. The diamond-studded belt strained against his gut, and he tugged at the stiff collar of his expensive suit, trying to cool himself from the sudden blush of heat that spread up his throat.

"And here we go again, gents," Rick clucked. "Two million flat."

"Two. Million. One. Hundred. Thousand." H-531 enunciated every word like he was stabbing them into the obnoxious Rick standing a few feet from him.

"Two million two hundred," Rick X-280 volleyed back.

"Two million five hundred!" H-531's cheeks were crimson as he barked out the bid.

"Two million five hundred...and one." Rick smiled cheekily.

The spectators oohed, jabbing each others' ribs as they watched on with approval.

H-531 gritted his teeth, his mind too fogged by his rage to see straight. He opened his mouth, ready to spit out another bid, when a frantic tugging at his sleeves snapped him back to himself. He flicked his eyes down. H-530 was shaking his head with pleading eyes, while H-532 just gave him a stern look that spoke volumes: Leave it.

Every cell rebelled as his pride lay torn open, but H-531 allowed himself to be pulled back down into his seat. He let his minions tend to him, petting and tucking him in until there was no evidence of his earlier disheveled state, while he glared at Auctioneer Rick, as though the MC could set this injustice straight. But the auctioneer was too distracted to meet his gaze, checking his dossier with unparalleled focus. When he watched him turn to whisper into the ear of a Guard Rick nearby, H-531's brow twitched, intrigued by the tension that palpably radiated from the usually composed auctioneer. Interesting. His mind already began working over this little development.

Auctioneer Rick scrubbed a hand down his face, looking over at H-531 who gave a quick jerk of his head to the side, indicating his resignation. With the only competitor officially out of the running, that left Rick X-280's bid to stand unchallenged. He gripped the handle of the gavel, raising it solemnly over his head.

"2,500,001 g-going once...going twice..." His voice wavered over the incredible amount, and the entire room held its breath in anticipation.

Only the crack of the gavel against the podium could be heard above the roar that deafened the room, Auctioneer Rick's announcement getting swallowed up in the clamor that surged forward from the crowd in one great rush of cheers and movement. It seemed like every Rick in attendance was pushing his way to the front, trying to reach the winner to give him a congratulatory slap on the back or shake his hand. You wouldn't believe it, they'd tell each other later. A newb outbidding old H-531!

But Rick ignored their revelry for the most part, sparing only obligatory smiles and nods, as he kept his focus on the Morty he'd just won. Looking up at him from over the pack of Ricks that swarmed him, Rick was surprised to find the Morty's eyes were locked on his own, his sedated stupor replaced by an inquisitive focus. The One tilted his head slightly as he gazed at the Rick with unabashed curiosity, and Rick swallowed as he found his heart beginning to pound.

Auctioneer Rick let out a shaky breath, letting his shoulders relax for the first time that night. He was definitely overdue for a massage after this one. He looked over the gavel in his hand, noticing a new splinter at its corner where the impact with the podium had chipped it. 2,500,001. His mind still reeled at the amount. It was by far the highest bid the Morty Auction had ever brought in. Usually he'd have good reason to celebrate. After all, part of his pay was based on commission from the bids. But an even bigger worry tied knots in his stomach: How was he going to explain this to the Council?

They already hated surprises enough as it was, so how would they react to hearing that not only had a previously unknown Rick waltzed in to win The One, but he'd done so without any clear indication of available funds? Either the system had truly failed, thus letting a Rick slide by on—ugh— borrowed credit, or...

Just then a jangling of coins sounded in front of the stage, accompanied by a wave of oohs and aahs. Peering over the edge of the stage, Auctioneer Rick saw the winner standing haughtily, one hand on his hip and the other, fingers splayed wide, poised above the opened duffel bag that he'd dropped to his feet. The inside was heaped to brimming with uzom, and the impact with the floor sent the golden medallions skipping and rolling in lopsided circles. One medallion knocked against the stage's wall and tumbled over onto its side.

A shiver started from the back of Auctioneer Rick's neck and crawled unpleasantly down his spine as he realized with horror that the system hadn't been malfunctioning at all. It wasn't that Rick X-280's funds were too low to register.

They were too high.

"Sooooo you take cash?"

...

The trek down the sterile hallway had been torture for Rick, as the pair of Guard escorts had provided little better conversation than a houseplant. After the rush of the Morty Auction, the lack of stimulus was downright grating. Now, in The One's private chamber, Rick snatched a decorative silver sphere from one of the shelves and tossed it idly between his hands as he watched a Guard Rick finish setting up the last of the designated "tools" in a corner of the room. While the Guard was busy wrangling the rope and pulley system, Rick took the opportunity to peruse what would be his quarters for the next hour.

Unlike the nondescript hallway he'd just come through, the room was warm and inviting, complete with a cushy round bed, chaise, and posh bathroom in plain view. Its aesthetic mirrored that of Façade's; polished, black marble made up the floor and shelves, and the familiar deep crimson blushed the silky walls and linens. Pristine porcelain white from the bathroom's modern bathtub and sink punctuated the otherwise soft lighting that made the space glow, luxurious and tranquil.

Rick had seen more impressive love hotels in the Theta Quadrant, and he almost wrote the room off as nothing unique if not for the strangely tiled corner that stood at complete odds with the otherwise sensual décor. Leather and metal contraptions, each one buffed to shining, hung in neat rows along its walls or lay on velvet cloths. They gleamed beneath the harsh overhead spotlight around an operating table placed in the middle. Closely-knit white tiles blanketed the corner's floor, and an ominous drain hole buttoned its center.

Once finished with his work, the Guard joined his twin at the single entrance, stepping aside to frame the door and allow a third Rick in. The Eun-Rick was shaved completely bald and clad in a white robe, similar to The One's. With a deep bow that had his nose nearly touching the floor, he addressed Rick. "Should you need anything, we are but a call away." He swung a gangly arm out and to the side, gesturing to an intercom embedded in the wall by the door. It rested above a narrow console table topped only with a bowl of ripe fruits.

Rick fidgeted where he stood, unnerved by the stuffy show of decorum. Swapping the silver objet d'art for a more appetizing peach-like treat from the bowl, he gave the indigo spotted fruit a squeeze before answering dismissively, "Y-yeah. Right. I'm sure I've got it figured out." He forced a grin as the Eun-Rick nodded in acknowledgement and began to shuffle backwards out of the room without raising his head. The Guards soon followed after, and at long last Rick was alone with his Morty.

Finally.

Glancing at the bed against the far wall, he saw the Morty was currently perched on its edge. His hands were cradled in his lap, and despite the soft cushion of the mattress beneath him, he was rigid, the tension visible in the line of his shoulders and back. God, the kid looked like he was wound tight enough to pull a muscle. Even from across the room, Rick could tell the Morty was watching his every move out of the corner of his eye. His head may have been bowed in a patent show of submission, but Rick could sense that he was bracing himself for the pain that he was so obviously expecting.

Rick took a bite of the fruit in his hand and ambled around the perimeter of the room, taking on an air of total disinterest and maintaining as much distance as he could between himself and The One. He only had an hour, and he wasn't going to get anywhere until he could get the kid to relax. He leaned back against the flat operating table, resting one elbow on its sleek surface like it was a bar counter rather than a torture device. See? his posture said. Everything's cool. I'm not gonna hurt you. Beneath his weight, the table abruptly rolled back on its wheels, and Rick scrambled clumsily to right himself before regaining his balance. He cleared his throat.

"So..." he started, "this is quite a—pretty bougie place ya got here." He puffed out his cheeks and let his lips burst over the word bougie. The words sounded almost campy in the torture chamber he was currently occupying, and he could see the Morty squirm in place, as though troubled by the trite statement. Ignoring his flinch, Rick kept his expression impassive and continued. "You, uh, y-you like it here?"

Rick looked to the Morty to gauge his reaction. He was picking absently at the tail of his braid, the fidgeting unrest of his fingers clear even in the dim light.

"Nah, I guess you wouldn't, huh?" Rick forced a laugh, answering his own question and idly picking up a smooth metallic rod from the display shelf. "Not when you've got Jigsaw as your own personal decorator, am I right?" Punching the small button on the rod's side, the orb at its tip flickered with blue-white sparks. Disgusting. He dropped the device back onto the velvet surface with a barely concealed snarl.

Rick of Dimension X-280 was many things, but he wasn't a sadist. Hurting others was only an inconvenient byproduct of getting what he wanted; he never derived any pleasure from it. But from the look of this room, with its perverse breed of showmanship, it was clear its typical visitors felt differently.

Abruptly, he turned away from the rows of whips and clamps, laid out like some grotesque butterfly collection, to face the Morty. He crossed his arms over his chest. "So the w-winning Rick uses this—this shit on you? That the only way he can get the spark? The ah-ha moment? Th-the-the—what do they call it?" He rapped a finger against his temple. "Epiphany?"

When the Morty didn't answer, Rick cursed silently to himself. You're coming on too strong, Ricky-boy. You gotta take it slow. He hadn't come this far, through Hell and back, just to hit a wall because he didn't know how to talk to a freakin' kid. A genius of his caliber getting tripped up by a Morty? Frankly, it was embarrassing.

Exhaling in one long breath out of his nose, he reset himself. Don't forget why you're here. The One was his ticket to settling the score with the Council of Ricks, and if he'd already waited years for this moment, then he could wait just a little longer.

Putting on his best attempt at a disarming smile and letting the tension ease from around his eyes, he walked casually to the bed and sat down like he didn't notice the fight-or-flight look on the Morty's face. With a harrumph, he flopped down on his back beside him, his weight making the small boy bounce.

As he tucked one hand behind his head, he continued in as neutral a tone as he could manage. "H-how's it work, anyway? You get, like, the idea yourself and then tell 'em? Or what? Y-you—I dunno," he wiggled his other hand still holding the fruit in the air as though trying to conjure up the right image, "zap 'em with smart rays? Something like that?"

There was a long pause, and just when Rick was considering repeating himself, he noticed the Morty wasn't looking at the floor, or even at him, but at the fruit in his hand. His tongue darted out to wet his lips, and he looked so much like one of the many stray dogs Rick had seen in his life, that a part of his heart squeezed at the sight.

Bingo. Rick nudged him firmly in the arm with a "G-go ahead, kid. There's plenty. Bet you're hungry after that whole—" he cut himself off, knowing better than to finish the sentence. Instead, he just coughed and nudged at the Morty again until he slowly took the fruit, his small fingers brushing against Rick's.

The Morty's first timid nibble was followed by a more confident one, and by the third bite he was sinking his teeth into the sweet flesh like he was afraid it was going to disappear. Well, shit, he really must've been hungry, Rick thought, amused and relieved to see the kid doing something other than jumping at every movement like a scared mouse.

"I...I-I don't know. How it works." The small words came out weak and rough with disuse. The Morty licked at a dribble of juice that was snaking its way down his wrist. He then seemed to catch himself and quickly added, "M-master."

Rick screwed his face up at the obligatory label, but was nonetheless encouraged by his progress. It's not like he'd expected much for an answer anyway, but at least he'd gotten a response out of him. Their short exchange completely forgotten, the Morty was now diligently licking his hands clean of the sticky juices, the small, pink tongue sweeping between his fingers to get at stray pieces of fruit.

"Well, what's it like when you do, y'know, w-what you do?" Rick asked, getting up and walking to the sink to run some warm water. He kept his back turned while he took his time with the simple task of wetting one of the available hand towels, watching The One discreetly through the vanity mirror. "When they get this Epiphany?"

His distance and the background noise of running water seemed to help, because The One answered more readily this time, his hands still suspended in midair to keep from dirtying his clothes. His face contorted like he was struggling to put together words he wasn't even allowed to voice. Finally he said, "They l-like it, very much. Sometimes they seem happy—happier, but then they also get r-rougher and they—"

"N-no, kid," Rick cut him off, hurrying back to the bed with the towel and crouching in front of the Morty. He forced a smile to hide his grimace at the thought of what the kid was about to say. Rick then looked pointedly at The One and enveloped his hands softly in the warm towel. "I meant you. What's it feel like for you?"

Looking up at the Morty from where he knelt, Rick could make out the strange yellow halo that glowed around the dark pools of his pupils. It was both uncanny and alluring in a way that made his throat constrict against a swallow. The shutter in his right eye twitched, suddenly unsure where to focus, and he blinked quickly to quell the discomfort. Realizing that he was staring, he busied himself by dragging the dampened cloth over the boy's soft hands and the space between his fingers. He worked with care, catching the way the Morty's shoulders eased down the longer he squeezed and massaged. Despite the warmth of the cloth in his hands, goosebumps shivered over Rick's nape, and he felt an unfounded wave of comfort radiate through his mind that sat at odds with his aching joints.

"I...I feel—" A conflicted look came over the Morty's young features, and the all-encompassing feeling of contentment that had gripped Rick just moments ago lifted. "It hurts. It always only hurts." The Morty started to pull his hands out of Rick's, like the contact between them was anything but platonic.

Disgust made the hairs on Rick's arms bristle and his mouth went dry at the sobering confession. Fuck me. What else was I expecting? He kicked himself mentally, scrounging for something to get them off the subject of torture that seemed to occupy every facet of the Morty's existence. Easier said than done, though, considering a set from out of a slasher film was sitting just across the room from them.

Rick already knew that inflicting pain on the poor kid was the ticket to getting Epiphanies. The premise seemed straight forward enough and, in fact, wasn't all that different from how it usually worked: The presence of a Morty camouflaged a Rick's genius brainwaves. Apply pain to that Morty, and it amplified the effect. Any Rick with half a brain knew the basics. Rick had heard of the countless unmonitored experiments involving car batteries that ended with varying degrees of success.

But with this Morty, The One, some serious wires must've gotten crossed somewhere along his timeline to produce the effects he did.

"W-where you from, anyway? There anyone like you in your dimension?" Rick asked, giving the Morty's hands one last squeeze before resuming his seat on the bed and tossing the slightly tinged towel aside. He leaned back on his hands, and it was only then that he realized with a shudder that the torture corner was conveniently placed to allow anyone reclining on the bed or enjoying a bubble bath to watch the spectacle with an unobstructed view.

Instead of giving him an answer, the Morty twisted to face Rick fully for the first time since the auction. His brows were pinched in questioning suspicion as he worked over the words. "Wh-who are you?" he asked finally. Rick recoiled, wondering if the kid already had him figured out, if his cover was blown. But the Morty continued in his flat voice, devoid of accusation, "You're not—" He looked down at the bed cover, choosing his next words with care as a blush tinged his cheekbones. "Not like the other R-R-Ricks."

Rick quirked a lopsided grin and laid a hand on the small of The One's back. The Morty stiffened at the touch, the tug-of-war between caution and trust plain on his features, until Rick began petting him softly through the robe, making his intentions clear that he wasn't a threat. A minute, then two, and the boy visibly relaxed under Rick's strokes. He even gave a shuddering sigh of content, and Rick felt a flash sweep across his brain like a wildfire through dry brush: No one's ever touched him like this before. Not since— But before he reached the end of the thought, it'd already fizzled and vanished, and he lacked the focus to retrieve it.

"Well, y-you're right about that." Rick continued rubbing his thumb in a small circle, tugging at the white fabric like an artist's brush through paint. "I'm not like those ding-dongs," he said, nodding his head towards the door. "C'mere," he added gruffly, scooting back towards the audience of throw pillows that populated the bed just below the leather headboard. "W-why don't we get, ahem, more comfortable?" He kept his hand on the Morty's back, the slightest amount of pressure guiding the small boy to crawl after him. The jut of small bones beneath Rick's fingertips made him cringe, and he focused his attention instead on the pair of slender thighs that peeked out between the folds of cloth.

What are you doing, Rick? a voice needled at him. Don't you fucking stoop to their level. You didn't ditch a GF prison just to bang some kid before his balls dropped. The scientific part of his brain quickly took charge, shushing his nagging thoughts. I'm just doing a little experimenting, he assured himself. If he simply approached this like any other problem to be solved through logic and a methodical process, he'd find out how The One ticked, and that would give him the edge over the Council that he needed. At the very least, the whole ordeal wouldn't feel nearly so shameful.

He couldn't deny that something electric passed between them, though, unexplained by any science he knew and yet as real as the law of gravity. They'd been galaxies apart before he'd ever laid eyes on The One back at the auction, but the moment he met his gaze, he'd felt it: an intangible link that pulled him towards this mysterious Morty for some greater purpose than the Epiphanies, greater even than his thirst for revenge. Now, in the privacy of the room, swathed in its enticing luxuries, that tug was bodily demanding that he take action. It set his nerves afire, urging him to take the kid and—and what? He wasn't even sure, but whatever it was made his hand shake as he wrapped it around the Morty's upper arm and pulled him forward until he was half-sprawled across Rick's chest.

He could feel The One's heart pounding fiercely against his own. ScaredHurtWaitExcitedRunStay. The thoughts piled on top of each other in a jumbled heap that came out as a meaningless blur of noise, but Rick was able to home in on one thought that rang out simple and clear above them: More.

Emboldened by the response he'd elicited, he put that piece of information to use and continued petting the Morty's back in longer, languid strokes, applying just enough pressure with his fingertips that the motion seconded as a massage.

"So—" Rick coughed and started again when his voice came out thicker than he'd intended. "W-what do I call you, anyway? I mean, shit, 'The One' is a little too—kinda pretentious, don't ya think?" Rick wrinkled his nose and shrugged, the Morty's head bobbing up and down on his chest with the gesture. "And you're obviously not j-just a regular Morty either." Rick's other hand came up to caress him, lean fingers raking through his hair and loosening the long strands from the braid. He knew it'd feel good to him, and true to form, he felt the Morty relax another degree. Just like that. Keep doing that, Rick told himself as he internally preened, only partially registering that the thought came about like an echo, its origins muddled.

But Rick was too busy talking to pay it much mind. "How about...Mmmortimer? Morris? Mac? Nah, you don't look like a Mac." His fingers kept up the steady massage, turning the Morty into putty. Rick looked down at the boy who lay with one cheek against his chest, his small hands kneading fistfuls of Rick's jumpsuit and his eyes fluttering closed as he practically quivered beneath Rick's ministrations.

"Mouse."

"Huh? Whuzzat?" Rick asked.

"Mouse," the Morty repeated, shuffling to meet Rick's eyes. "It's what...w-what my mother used to call me."

"Mouse, huh?" He tasted the name on his tongue. It was as small and fragile as its namesake, and he found himself smiling around the single word. It was perfect. "Mouse it is, then."

Mouse looked away quickly as though embarrassed by the moniker, and Rick appreciated the blush that blossomed over his cheeks. He could even make out the hint of what might have been a smile. Now we're getting somewhere, Rick, he mentally congratulated himself and felt a warmth spread over his chest which he tried to deny was anything but Mouse's weight on him.

"So, Mouse, this is—sure is a lotta room for a little guy like you. Hell, not many kids your age can say they got their own private bathroom. And, shit, does that thing have jets?" Rick had expected to get a laugh from Mouse, but instead he saw a shadow of distress cross his features. In a panic, he hurried to find something to lighten the mood, "I-I mean, jeezus, y-you probably can yank it f-fifty goddamn times before you even hit lunch." He chuckled, remembering his own harried days in the throes of puberty.

Mouse only looked up at him with an inquisitive look, "Yank what?"

Rick balked, his hands freezing in their trek across Mouse's scalp and back. "You're...you're kidding me, right?"

But Mouse seemed more concerned by the fact that Rick had stopped the massage than by his question. Righting himself into a kneeling position over Rick's hips, Mouse picked up Rick's hand and placed it once more on his head, his request clear. "W-w-what could I yank fifty times?" he asked again.

"Aw, jeez. Look, Mouse, I-I-I didn't mean it literally. It's—" Oh, boy. Now I gotta give a lesson on jerking off to Wonder Boy here? An uncomfortable blush worked its way over Rick's throat, and he found himself suddenly over-warm. As he petted absently at Mouse's head, he looked pointedly away from the supple thighs that bracketed his crotch, ignoring the way the cloth rode up to reveal soft flesh crisscrossed with thin lines of paler white. He swallowed and pressed his lips together before explaining, "It's, y'know, it's—you—it's when you use your hands. To feel good," he finished lamely.

Mouse perked up at this. "Hands? I like your hands. C-could I use your hands instead?" He leaned forward and rested his palms on Rick's shoulders before adding, "To 'yank' it?" Mouse gave a pleased little wriggle, grinding himself unintentionally against Rick's crotch as he reveled in the caress of the fingers on his scalp, oblivious to the throb that pulsed through Rick's cock at the motion.

Shit, the kid's a natural tease when he isn't cowering in fear, he half-thought, the rest of his mind suddenly occupied by a flood of disjointed impulses, little cues about how he could so easily reach out to make the kid squirm even more, where he could put his hands to undo him. He could see the images playing out in his mind like someone else was directing the scene. The thoughts goaded him to move, and slowly he ran his hands down from Mouse's head to graze over his neck and chest before resting them on top of his thighs. Another shiver of lustful thoughts—shit, he hadn't been this horny in forever—ran through him as he slid his thumbs beneath the cloth, just inches from Mouse's most intimate parts. Rick was only partially surprised to find that the kid wasn't wearing anything beneath the robe. The skin there was plump and as soft as a petal, only the slightly raised scars interrupting its surface.

"Oh." The simple gasp left Mouse's eyes heavy-lidded, his limbs suddenly slackening. He spasmed in Rick's touch and fell jerkily forward to rest his forehead against the side of Rick's neck. Keep going.

"If that's what you want, Mouse," Rick rumbled, his own heart pounding in his ears as his hands inched closer before converging on Mouse, one cupping his balls while the other wrapped gently around his half-hard shaft. Rick smeared his thumb through the pearl of precum that dewed its tip, tracing circles around the moist glans and tugging back the foreskin.

Mouse's hips jumped, and he gave a choked cry, tightening his grip on Rick's shoulders. Rick could feel the burn of his cheek where it was pressed against his neck and the short puffs of breath that heated his skin.

Like a coach instructing his pupil, Rick continued in a husky tone, "You wanna start off slow, get yourself warmed up." He stroked the full length of Mouse's staff, his hand fisted loosely around the foreskin and giving it a firm squeeze at the end. His own cock was now rock hard, and he unconsciously tilted his hips to rub it against the inside of Mouse's thigh while he continued. "And d-don't forget you got other stuff to—to work with too." By way of explanation, Rick slid two fingers back beneath Mouse's balls to massage the bare skin of his perineum with firm strokes. Working both hands in tandem, Mouse was soon bucking fervently into Rick's grasp, moaning incoherent little nothings, half-smothered against Rick's collar.

For all his usual control, Rick was swept up wantonly in the moment, his entire focus absorbed in every scandalous sound coming from between Mouse's legs and lips. His mind was awash in self-affirming messages of Amazing, oh god, need it harder, faster, faster, FASTER. But as he was relishing the build-up of arousal that he could practically feel from Mouse, other, uninvited thoughts began to trickle in.

—unauthorized—stop him—

Rick shook his head as though to dislodge the intrusive vagaries from his mind, focusing instead on pumping Mouse until the boy was panting in hitched breaths. Mouse pulled away, first looking down in wonder at Rick's hand around his leaking cock then up at Rick. The glow around his eyes seemed more pronounced in the sultry dim of the room, casting a yellow sheen on his flushed cheeks.

—get in there—rogue must be removed—they don't pay us enough for this—

Rick's hands faltered, and he bolted upright to look over Mouse's shoulder, scanning the room for the intruders that weren't there.

—the count of three. Ready?

The voice—no, voices—Rick realized, were plainly distinct from his own internal dialogue, and with every passing second, they were becoming clearer like a radio frequency breaking through static.

One...

"R-Rick?" Mouse breathed his name, on the brink of his orgasm, but Rick barely registered it as he swept Mouse aside with one arm, sending the kid toppling off of his lap and onto the covers as he scrambled to the foot of the bed.

Two...

Rick swung his legs over the side and sat frozen, part of him screaming to make a run for it, while the other part struggled to sort through the barrage of foreign thoughts that battered his brain. "Mouse." His mouth had gone dry as a mixture of fear and awe gripped him, his eyes wide. He glanced over to the boy who lay disheveled and oblivious to what was happening. "They're com—"

"Three!" A crowd of armed Guard Ricks burst through the door, swarming the room in tight formation, their weapons raised and at the ready. With military precision, they made a preliminary sweep of the quarters before forming a tight ring around the front of the bed.

Rick had made no move since they entered, stunned into paralysis as the pieces of the puzzle fell into place, bringing the bigger picture into sharp relief. A wry grin pulled itself across his lips, and he slumped forward, elbows resting on his knees. Rick shook his head slowly in disbelief.

"No. Fucking. Way."

...

The mass of Guard Ricks flooded the room, their boots thundering over the marble floor like an angry storm. In quick succession, they wordlessly assembled into position at the front of the bed and its two occupants, each soldier standing equidistant from his comrade in an impressive display of military discipline.

Rick barely paid them any mind, however, regarding their arsenal of weaponry with blunt disinterest, as he scrubbed a hand down his face. His fingers trembled over the sweat-sheen of his brow, the only evidence of the super-charged Epiphany that had invaded him just moments earlier. With the buzz of phantom voices now dissipated, he was left to run a mental inventory of his thoughts, checking and then re-checking that they were all his own. He breathed out a sigh of relief when he found that he was once again "alone" in his mind. The notion of his head having seconded as a storage container for others' thoughts was disconcerting, to say the least. While part of Rick needled at him to recognize its potential benefits, he didn't have time to dwell on it any further, as the wall of Guard Ricks parted to let one of their number through.

A Guard in high-ranking uniform stepped forward, his cap tilted smartly on his brow and both hands tucked behind his back. The insignia beneath his badge designated him as the captain, and an air of carte blanche emanated from his gait and the square of his shoulders. Every inch of him made it clear that he demanded the utmost respect from those around him and had no tolerance for insubordination.

The Captain looked down at Rick with obvious disdain, curling his lip as if Rick's very presence offended him. "I thought I smelled an X," he grumbled to himself, raking his eyes over Rick like he was carrion on the side of the road. Turning to a Guard at his right, he sighed, "Give him the rundown, private."

On cue, the lesser Guard held out a transparent screen filled with fine print that scrolled fluidly as he read. "Rick of Dimension X-280, you are hereby under arrest for violating the terms of the Citadel of Ricks, Article II, Section 1, subsection 4(b)."

"Now, look here—URP—pal," Rick sneered, keeping his eyes on the Captain even as the man in uniform was walking away to leave the heavy lifting to his subordinates. He seriously did not have time for this. The power of telepathy, a concept long-since relegated to mystics and ghost hunters had just fallen into his proverbial lap; being lectured on the importance of following the Council's rules was just about the last thing he needed right now. "Y-you have any idea how much I just paid for an hour with Mou—" He coughed over his stumble. "I mean, The One? I expect to get my goddamn money's wor—"

But the Guard talked over him without missing a beat. "Which states: 'No Rick shall employ technology while on Citadel property which manipulates, hides, or otherwise makes inaccessible the amount of his personal funds, either in part or in full—"

"Hey! Captain Dickface, I'm talking to you!" Rick started to stand, intending to follow after the Captain, but the audible click of a room full of guns being cocked and leveled at his head tempered his agitation. With a grumble, he settled for raising both hands in begrudging submission as the Guard continued his speech.

"—from being registered in the Citadel's database. Perpetrators shall be brought before the Council for a tribunal, whereupon the offending Rick shall be interrogated and ultimately brought to—"

Ignoring the rundown of predictable bureaucratic bullshit, Rick kept his eyes trained on the Captain who was now addressing a pair of Guards bearing medical badges. Rick couldn't make out the exchange, but the two Medics gave a curt nod before heading in Mouse's direction.

Shit! Mouse!

Rick twisted where he sat to seek out Mouse. Amidst the frenzy of the raid, he hadn't had the chance to check up on him, and he now saw that Mouse was lying prone and shivering on the far side of the bed where he'd been knocked over. The flush of his cheeks was still bright and the source of his plight evident between his legs as he mewled softly and squirmed against the blanket in search of some relief. The Medics dutifully circled around the bed and grabbed the Morty securely in their gloved grip, before hauling him to his feet and giving him what seemed like a routine check.

"—for however long it is deemed necessary by the Council. Resistance will be met with—" the speech became a distant buzz in the background of Rick's attention.

Rick watched apprehensively as one Medic held Mouse firmly in place by the shoulders while the other began to inspect his neck with clinical efficiency. Mouse cringed at the touch, but made no move to resist them, likely habituated to being handled in this manner. The Medic then examined his arms and torso before kneeling and lifting aside the white robe. He paused in his regimented actions, and Rick could make out the furtive look that passed between the two Medics. Then it was gone, and they were positioning Mouse over the edge of the bed and spreading his legs with practiced ease. The lead Medic snapped a latex glove over one hand while his partner pinned Mouse's wrists to the bed. Mouse gasped softly with his cheek pressed against the blanket, tears of shame glistening at the corners of his eyes as he looked pleadingly at Rick.

Rick nearly screamed where he sat. His jugular quivered beneath his racing pulse, and the muscles in his legs bunched with the urge to tackle the Medics. Before he could act on impulse, however, a prod from a nearby Guard's rifle brought the gravity of his situation to the forefront once again. Gritting his teeth, he forced himself to take a deep breath and turn away, thankful to spare Mouse the humiliation of being watched while he was manhandled like a piece of equipment. As he focused on his own reflection in the marble floor, he considered how the Medics had reacted during their examination. Even without the help of an Epiphany—or whatever the hell that was from before—it was clear to Rick that the Medics weren't used to seeing The One in an aroused state. No shit. Seeing as how these sessions usually went, they were more accustomed to dealing with bruises and blood, not—well, that.

"Do you understand the terms of your arrest, Rick of Dimension X-280?" the Guard in front of him finished, tucking the dossier under one arm.

Rick snapped his gaze back to the Captain who was surveying the room idly, and he dug his fingers into the soft cushion as he bit out his next words, "Yes. FiAUGHne. Just get them fucking off of him." His entire frame was taut as a bowstring as he fought the compulsion to get up and punch the Captain right in his smug face.

The Captain only smirked from beneath his military cap, and with a jerk of his chin, he signaled to the pair of Medics to finish their examination and bring Mouse to him. By now, humiliation had flagged Mouse's erection completely, and he hiccuped over his tears as he was half-dragged, stumbling, to the Captain's side. The Captain rested a hand on Mouse's head as he addressed Rick, his tone light but menacing like a honey-coated scorpion.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Do you have a problem with the way my men handle The One? Afraid we'll trigger...an Epiphany?" He grabbed a fistful of hair and yanked up sharply, causing Mouse to wince and teeter on his tiptoes. Rick's brain prickled in response, and his earlier ruminations tripped forward a few steps in deduction.

The Captain and the rest of the Guards remained impassive, oblivious to the fireworks display going off in Rick's mind. "It's a shame we have to take these bothersome inhibitors. You auction winners always seem to have so much fun." He chuckled, apathetic to Mouse's cries. He's only hurting Mouse to fuck with me, Rick realized. That fact alone made Rick's stomach roil and a muscle pinch at the nape of his neck.

"Do you know what they do to him in here?" The Captain continued, tightening his grip and slowly wrenching Mouse's head back until Mouse sobbed. He tsked. "Don't think that you're the only Elite I've been tasked with removing from the winner's suite." His grin only widened as he watched Rick redden at the reminder. "If you only knew the things I've seen."

Rick seethed at the Captain's sadistic glee while another part of him wrestled with the onslaught of realizations that each spark of Epiphany was bringing to light. The notion of making connections in reasoning on an involuntary level was still unfamiliar to Rick; and while the effect of the Epiphany was clear, sorting through the information to make sense of the message was a task in and of itself, made even more challenging by the fact that his attention was fractured between himself and Mouse's dilemma.

"Still," The Captain's eyes took on a predatory look, "I don't think I've seen a Rick quite so taken by The One." He yanked Mouse in front of him and cupped his chin in his hand, caressing a gloved thumb over one cheek in mock tenderness. He then bent forward until his lips were just inches from Mouse's neck, his eyes never leaving Rick's as he hummed low in his throat. "Maybe it's about time I saw what all the hype was about." His hand stroked down Mouse's neck and slipped under his robe to bare his shoulder to Rick. "Got a taste of him myself, hm?" Running his tongue over one canine like a wolf licking its chops, he leaned closer to press his teeth against the side of Mouse's neck.

"Don't you fucking dare!" Rick snarled, throwing himself at the Captain, fingers curled into eager fists. Pure rage fueled him, and he would've met his target if not for a Guard that stepped in to deflect his attack. The butt of the Guard's rifle crashed into the side of Rick's head with a solid crack, and Rick crumpled to his elbows and knees. A sticky stream of blood oozed into his right eye from the gash over his brow and dripped liberally onto the marble floor. "Fucking...Christ." He clutched a hand over his eye, prodding the optical chassis to make sure the internal components were still in working order. There was a slight stutter in the whir of the mechanics, but Rick would have to deal with it later.

Above him, the Captain huffed a laugh, the pleasure obvious in his voice as he spoke. "Tsk, tsk. That was an attempt at battery against a uniformed Rick if I ever saw one. Looks like we've got a hostile on our hands, men. And you know what we do with hostiles." There was a rumble of agreement among the ranks, and Rick could hear the crack of knuckles as they stepped forward to form a tight ring around him.

Rick never saw who threw the first blow, but a well-placed kick to his stomach, strong enough to break bone, sent his diaphragm into spasms, leaving him breathless and seeing stars. The strikes blurred together into one endless string of punches and kicks from every direction, knocking him about like a soccer ball. Instincts from his time in prison told him to assume the fetal position, and he let the blows fall on his ribs, back, and limbs while he protected his head as best he could. Before long, a rib cracked under the assault, and every feeble intake of breath felt like a knife digging into his side.

Just as quickly as the attack began, it halted. The Guards swaggered back from Rick, catching their breaths and giving each other chummy slaps on the back while Rick gasped and wretched on the floor.

Heels clacked cleanly over the floor as the Captain made his way over to Rick and crouched on his haunches to look Rick in the face. He seemed to consider him at first, taking in the nasty cuts and bruises that colored his skin like a child's paint project and the disheveled state of his hair.

In an almost sympathetic tone, he murmured, "It certainly didn't take much to provoke you, did it? I shouldn't be surprised. You X-Ricks are so simple." He snorted derisively. "Did you really think I'd put my mouth on that filthy thing? Please." Rick's head lolled as another wave of vertigo hit him, and the Captain grabbed him by the hair to steady him. "I really can't understand why the Council would be so interested in you. Normally, they wouldn't care if I decided to off a rogue Rick from the lower dimensions. But for you," he ground his finger against Rick's forehead, careful to avoid the blood that threatened to stain his white satin gloves, "they made a special point about bringing you in alive. Too bad for you they didn't say you had to be in one piece." His tone grew more sinister as he spat, "If I had it my way, I'd see to it that an X-Rick like you got permanently x'ed out."

"Are you...kidding me?" Rick wheezed, grimacing against the protest in his ribs. "Was that supposed to be...punny—" The Captain's fist made contact with his face, effectively silencing Rick and splitting his lip open.

"Rick!" Mouse's thin voice pierced the air, the one word fraught with anguish. In unison, every standing Rick in the room turned to the small boy, with a belligerent "What?!"

"Not...you...you idiots..." Rick croaked, adding weakly, "Jeezus... ego...much?"

The Captain glowered at Mouse who was squirming in his captor's grip before abruptly releasing his hold on Rick and letting him fall gracelessly to the floor. He stood and straightened his uniform, then tucked his hands elegantly behind his back as he addressed his men in a sharp tone. "Enough of this. Take him away."

Before the Guards could approach, however, Mouse managed to wrench free of the Guard's grip and make a mad dash to fling himself at Rick. He reached his small arms around Rick's neck and buried his face in his chest, his white robe settling like wings around them. Rick winced as Mouse rammed into his already bruised torso, but the relief of having him close again trumped any pain. He wrapped one shaky hand around Mouse's middle and closed his eyes to take in the subtle nuances of the boy's scent and form pressed against his own.

His reverie was cut short, however, when a petulant Guard barked, "You heard the Cap'n. Fun time's over. Say good-bye to your little whore." He sneered down at the pair, his finger on the trigger of his rifle like he was itching for an excuse to use it.

"Call him that again," Rick shot back with a level stare, "and I'll shove that gun...so far up your ass...y-you'll be spitting bullets for a week." His voice was disturbingly calm, underscoring the veracity of his threat, and the Guard felt a chill run down his spine. Even broken and bleeding, Rick still held an aura of mystique that belied his common appearance.

"Y-yeah? Well, let's see how far you get w-with a bullet between the eyes," the Guard snarled, propping his gun against the crook of his shoulder and aiming it straight at Rick's chest where Mouse was still clinging to him.

Rick instinctively curled his body to shield Mouse from the impending attack, but before it came, the Captain lunged forward to grab the rifle. He tore it out of the Guard's hands and swung it back around to cut him across the face. As the Guard lay dazed and wounded on the floor, the Captain spat at him, "Just what the hell do you think you're doing, private?! You never raise your weapon to The One!" He slammed his foot down on the Guard's firing hand and ground his heel cruelly into the tendons, making the private howl. "Have you forgotten your place?!"

"S-sir, no, sir!" the Guard stammered between clenched teeth, clutching futilely at his hand that was pinned beneath his superior's heel.

"Your orders were to apprehend the defendant, not shoot him! You insubordinate..." the Captain growled at his charge, leaving his sentence to hang as he dragged the soldier up by the collar and tossed him to a line of waiting Guards. "Get this maggot out of my sight! I want his badge on my desk first thing tomorrow morning!" He huffed before storming away and barking orders into his transceiver.

"I'm s-sorry, Rick! I'm sorry!" Mouse was sobbing into Rick's chest, oblivious to the violence around them. "This is all my fault. Th-they wouldn't be hurting you if—if I wasn't—if I didn't—" He sniffled and pulled back to search Rick's face for some sign of forgiveness.

Unbelievable. The kid dealt with this kind of abuse on a daily basis, but here he was torn up about seeing Rick take a few hits. But it wasn't without some pride that Rick heard Mouse say his name, in place of the whole "master" business which had sat uncomfortably between them just earlier that night.

Rick opened his mouth to say something to Mouse, but words deserted him, Mouse's compassion striking him silent. How a kid who had been through so much could still care about a sorry fuck-up like Rick was beyond him. Finally, he settled for patting Mouse's head reassuringly. But Mouse couldn't be consoled, his small hands fluttering over the wounds that littered Rick's face.

Cracking a smile, Rick gently eased Mouse's hands away with a soft, "S'okay, kid. Really. I-I've had worse. Trust me." He gave his thin wrist an encouraging squeeze and ran his thumb over the hummingbird pulse.

"But..." Mouse protested, but Rick hushed him with a brush of his long fingers against his cheek. The tender caress seemed to placate Mouse for now, and the boy sighed with just the faintest smile. Rick's heart warmed at the sight, and an inexplicable chill spread across the back of his head. He'll still blame himself, Rick thought. Poor kid...

Wait a minute.

His hand twitched, not from any physical pain but from a sudden sense of urgency. With deliberate focus, he seized the thought and turned it over again in his mind before it could slip away, replaying it from a different angle to reveal the true voice that resonated from beneath. It came out soft and forlorn: I'll still blame myself.

"Apprehend the defendant," the Captain interrupted, and the echo of the voice was whisked away from Rick's mind as trepidation settled over Mouse's features once more. There was a finality in the Captain's tone that seemed to want to squash the display of affection Rick and Mouse had just shared. Rick looked up to see his eyes narrow with smug satisfaction.

To Rick's surprise, Mouse's sniffling stopped and his face quieted into a death glare that he directed at the Captain and his league of approaching men. It stopped the Guards in their tracks, and even the Captain's smirk wavered, resembling something like alarm. Before his men could pick up on their leader's hesitation, however, the Captain quickly brushed it off and prompted them to move.

At their Captain's command, a set of Guards seized Rick by both arms, roughly hoisting up his rag doll frame, while a third dragged the seething Mouse away with little pretense. Another Guard placed heavy handcuffs over Rick's wrists to keep them fixed in front, and two more Guards positioned themselves at the rear, the tips of their rifles nestling into Rick's back like snake fangs. Seeming satisfied with the arrangement, the Captain clicked his boots together, did an about-face, and began to lead the procession out of the room.

Rick stumbled and hissed as the movement jostled his fractured rib, but he did his best to stay upright and preserve some sliver of dignity despite his wretched state. The vestiges of the psionic Epiphany still left him feeling empowered, almost giddy, like he was privy to some secret that every other Rick around him was ignorant of; and despite the grim prospects that now faced him, he felt hopeful, rather than fearful. A wry grin ghosted over his battered lips as he shuffled after his wardens.

Before he was shoved bodily out the door, Rick cast one last strained look over his shoulder at Mouse who was still slumped on the floor. I'll be back for you, he promised silently. I'll get us both out of here.

...

The Captain pinched the bridge of his nose, fighting off the encroaching migraine that sizzled behind his eyes. The brilliant hallway lights weren't helping, and he kept his gaze on the polished floor as he led the group from the winner's suite back to the Citadel's central elevators.

He really couldn't think of the last time a raid had gone so poorly. It was supposed to be a routine operation—get in, arrest the Rick, secure The One, get out. But, no, Rick of X-280 just had to make everything more complicated by getting The One all worked up and...emotional. He grimaced, thinking back to the way the Morty had glared at him with such open contempt.

He'd only laid eyes on the kid a handful of times before, but he never remembered him being so noisy. From what he could recall, The One was about as expressive as a coat hanger, the combination of regularly administered sedatives and physical torture conditioning him to maintain a near-constant docile state.

But the look in The One's eyes had been nothing short of murderous just before they'd apprehended the X-Rick, the frigidity in his gaze stripping the Captain of his poise until he was almost shaking in his polished boots. His years in the military had numbed him to violence and the savageries of the front lines, but to see that same ferocity coming from a Morty was—it was unthinkable.

Mortys were little more than tools as far as he was concerned. Hell, their service to Ricks was the one constant between them across every dimension, just as a Rick's genius was the one constant between those of his own kind. Slight differences could exist between them, but if there was one truth in the universe, it was that Mortys were designed to further a Rick's objective, and that extended beyond the basics of serving as a human shield. Their very nature made them subservient to a Rick. It was encoded in their DNA to obey their superiors with little resistance. To that end, the Captain regarded them on par with his holster or even the commode. They were things to be utilized, not accommodated; maintained, not nurtured.

That's why any affection between a Rick and a Morty made his skin crawl. It was insulting to see a Rick lower himself to a Morty's level, associating with and actually caring about the boy with something resembling respect. Sentiment was only good for getting yourself killed.

The Captain had never been assigned his own personal Morty, per se. Rather, he'd been assigned an entire fleet once he'd obtained the position as Captain of the Guard. At the Citadel of Ricks, it was his job to maintain order and carry out the Council's directives, all with the use of Guard Mortys who accompanied him and his men on a daily basis. Even without the need for a Morty's natural ability to camouflage genius waves within the Citadel, tradition dictated that Guard Ricks and Guard Mortys were paired up during reconnaissance and everyday rounds. While the Captain objected to the arrangement on a personal level, writing most Mortys off as hindrances rather than holding any actual value, he knew well enough that visiting Ricks and Mortys were put at ease just by seeing the familiar pattern. While a Morty-less Rick could traverse public areas without drawing anyone's attention, a Rick-less Morty was downright offensive to the eyes, like seeing someone without a face. In order to keep the public happy, Guard Mortys were obligated to escort their counterparts everywhere throughout the Citadel, with just one exception.

They couldn't be anywhere near The One.

For reasons that no one could yet figure out, Mortys went haywire when around The One. They became distracted, uncommunicative, and insurgent. The Captain had studied the list of symptoms on the medical reports back when The One had first come to the Citadel, and he'd been diligent to keep the Separation Rule intact during his tenure. There were a few slip-ups in the beginning, but after he'd had to put down some of his best Guard Mortys, he quickly learned to ensure that Guard Mortys and The One never shared the same space.

Unfortunately, there was still little anyone could do about the secondary effects that Ricks transmitted. Like the lingering scent of cigarette smoke or a carrier of a contagious disease, Mortys were still affected, albeit to a lesser degree, by a Rick who had been in close proximity to The One. Even the use of inhibitors that blocked a Rick's reaction to him couldn't stymie the effect on a Morty.

The Captain squared his shoulders, taking in a deep breath. He knew it'd been a risk when he'd almost made direct contact with The One back in the winner's suite, nearly putting his lips on him—he shuddered—but he'd only done it to rile up the X-Rick to the point where he'd attack. It had worked, but now he would be left with the consequences.

"Sir!"

The Captain raised his eyes and caught sight of his Guard Morty unit positioned down the hall against one wall. Each Morty stood in the standard military stance, legs shoulder width apart and arms tucked behind him, eyes fixed front. One Guard Morty, sporting a few more stripes beneath his Citadel badge, stood at the front of the unit and bowed stiffly as the Captain approached.

"Sir, the unit is ready and awaiting your orders, sir." The Guard Morty gave a smart salute. Even though he hadn't been with the unit long, the Morty's clipped tone didn't hold a shred of the stutter it used to, and the Captain beamed internally to see how his hard work and disciplining had paid off. The Morty of Dimension I-006 hadn't been much to look at in the beginning, but the Captain had since honed him into one of the most capable Guard Mortys his unit had ever seen. I-006 had proven to be a natural soldier with the right encouragement, able to carry out his orders to a T and fulfill his duties thoroughly. It wasn't long before the Captain had thought to appoint him to head of the Guard Mortys, and his instinct had been right.

"At ease, I-6." The Captain waved a hand dismissively as he continued walking, signaling the Morty to escort him. The band of Guard Mortys and Guard Ricks followed after with their captive in tow. "Get your Mortys to their bunkers. They'll be getting the rest of the night off—actually, make that tomorrow off too."

"Sir?"

"We had some...heavy exposure during the operation." He paused to let the implication sink in. "We'll need them and their Ricks in quarantine until the effects have dissipated. You can expect some disruptions from your Mortys, but if any of them get out of hand, report it to me immediately. I'll have it dealt with."

"Yes, sir," came the reply as I-6 walked quickly on his shorter legs to keep up. The Captain glanced down at his companion, taking in his impeccable posture and the strong line of his jaw. His eyes lingered on I-6's neck peeking out from above the stiff collar, and for the briefest of moments he wondered what it would feel like to place his lips on that vulnerable skin.

"Permission to speak, sir."

"Granted."

"Are you all right, sir?"

The Captain nearly stumbled in his stride. "What?"

"Your uniform, sir. It's—it's got blood on it."

Glancing down at his lapel, the Captain found the pin-sized fleck of blood. He grunted, perturbed that the X-Rick had soiled his pristine uniform during his beating. "It's nothing. The prisoner just gave us a little trouble, that's all," he said with a sniff.

"He'll give you more trouble."

The Captain bit out a laugh. "I'm sure. I can't wait to get him to the Council and off my hands once and for all. Maybe they can set him straight before I have to."

"He'll give you all more trouble. He is the Rick who shall herald the End."

He screwed up his face. "What's that? I didn't catch that, soldier." When I-6 didn't respond, he turned his head to the unit leader.

I-6 was staring straight ahead, his jaw slack and pupils wide. The light gleamed off his moist eyes, and his lips moved as he murmured to himself. If the Captain weren't watching him so closely, he would've missed his next words completely. "Now that He is with The One."

The Captain felt like he'd been doused with cold water. His Mortys had strict orders never to speak The One's name; I-6 knew better than this for it to be a slip of the tongue. He stopped abruptly in his tracks, and I-6 did the same a few steps ahead of him. Everything about the Guard Morty's appearance made it seem like there was nothing amiss, but the far-off look in his eyes spoke volumes of his compromised state.

"Say that again, I-6."

There was a pause, then I-6 wrinkled his nose and looked directly at his superior. "Sir, I was just saying that my unit will be fine. You have no reason to worry about us."

Like hell, I don't.

"I-6, get your men to quarantine immediately. We won't need you on escort to the Council Chamber, after all."

"But, sir, a Morty without his Rick is—"

"I'm well aware of the code. You'll take the back routes to the guards wing. Stay out of sight, and remain in your quarters until you receive further orders. Is that understood?"

"But—"

"I said, is that understood, I-006?" It was the kind of voice the Captain reserved for only his lowest underlings, and he didn't miss the fleeting look of betrayal that crossed I-6's face.

Finally, I-6 nodded curtly, slipping back on the mask of stoicism. "Yes, sir. Right away, sir." With that, I-6 turned to walk back to his unit. By now the Mortys had fanned out to stand alongside their respective Guard Ricks positioned around and behind the captive. He raised one fist in the air, and the Guard Mortys immediately drew back and to I-6's side in neat rows. Once they were in order, I-6 led them away, and the Captain breathed a sigh of relief.

If there was one thing he could count on, it was a Morty's loyalty.

The convoy resumed their trek until they reached the column of elevators that connected the Citadel's lower levels to the main atrium and other floors. The Captain approached the one that would carry them directly to the Council Chamber and swiped his key card through the reader on the side of the doors. Once the digital numbers above the entrance counted down to -8, the doors parted with a quiet whir.

"In the name of all that is good and Morty, what is going on here?!" A shrill voice cut through the calm as a pair of spidery hands reached out between the elevator doors to grab the Captain by the collar. In the next second, the Captain found himself nose-to-nose with one very pissed off Eun-Rick.

"I just got back from the Council! Spill it, army-boy, where is he?! Where is that no-good Elite newb?" Mama Eun-Rick, as she was known, was adorned in gaudy jewelry unlike the Spartanly dressed Eun-Ricks who flanked her on either side. Her large golden hoops swung wildly from her ears and bracelets jangled on her bony wrists as she shook the Captain for emphasis. An overly pungent perfume assaulted his nose, and the Captain internally scowled at the sloppy application of makeup on the cross-dresser's face. Eye shadow bunched up in the creases of her wrinkled eyelids while mascara sat in clumps on her lashes. What she lacked in balls, which had long since been removed, she made up for generously in her brazen and saucy demeanor.

"Mama Eun-Rick, please," the Captain managed, keeping his tone soothing and respectful, like one might use when speaking to a mental patient. He placed both hands on the Eun-Rick's wrists to calm her as he cleared his throat. "We were just removing the offending Rick from the winner's suite. Now, if you'll kindly let us pass. We're on our way to the Council to—"

"Good. They'll know how to handle him, unlike some Ricks," she interrupted, glaring at the Captain with blatant scorn. Much to the Captain's chagrin, Mama Eun-Rick outranked him within the Citadel by leagues due to her position as The One's personal caretaker, a fact that vexed the Captain to no end. Even before Mama Eun-Rick assumed her current position, her flamboyant style and love for theatrics sat at direct odds with the Captain's penchant for order and discipline. As a result, every interaction between them was strained, to say the least.

"But let me see him first. I want to give him a good talking-to," Mama Eun-Rick continued, already scanning the procession. When her eyes settled on Rick X-280, she stormed up to him and jabbed a finger in his face. "You! You'd better not have hurt my Honey-Oney, y-y-you—you animal!"

Rick X-280 crossed his eyes at the invading finger before sneering up at Mama Eun-Rick—those heels did add a good three inches. "Sorry, but I think you missed the draAUUGHg show." The words came out muddled over his split lip, and he blew the burp into her face.

"Ooh, why you cheeky, little—" Mama Eun-Rick's eyes narrowed as she glared contemptuously at the Rick. Sighing, the Captain crossed his arms and resigned himself to waiting it out. Once Mama Eun-Rick got worked up, there was little that could dissuade her from her tantrum.

She placed her hands on both hips and looked Rick over with a slow, accusative stare. Rick did the same, although the welt blinding his eye made him look far less intimidating. "I know you Elite like to have your little fun, but that Morty is my meal ticket, and I won't stand to let you ruin him." She shot her next question at the Captain. "So what did this one do? Try to cut off the kid's willy again?"

"No, no. Nothing so...dramatic," the Captain huffed, visibly straining to keep his patience intact. "It was simply a matter of his funds being out of order. We suspect he may be—"

He was cut short again by a flurry of Mama Eun-Rick's hands. Gaudy rings flashed like colorful beetles on the transvestite's lanky fingers, and her acrylic nails were overgrown by at least a week. "Is that all?" She snorted. "Details. Just so long as my Honey-Oney is all right." She snapped her fingers, calling the two accompanying Eun-Ricks to let the assembly of Guards and their captive through. "Carry on, then. Get this troublemaker out of my sight."

The hackles on the Captain's neck rose. He couldn't stand it when Mama Eun-Rick acted like she ran the whole goddamn place. A glorified babysitter giving the Captain of the Guard orders? He couldn't think of a worse joke.

"As you wish," he replied, giving a slight bow to her before marching into the waiting elevator.

Bringing up the rear, one of the Medics who had attended to The One earlier paused to whisper quickly into Mama Eun-Rick's ear. Her eyes widened as the Medic went on, and by the time he'd finished delivering his report, Mama Eun-Rick could only manage a shaky nod before waving him off.

Once the elevator doors had closed, she crossed one arm over her middle and tucked the opposite hand beneath her chin in thought. Nibbling on her manicured thumb, she went over what the Medic had told her, a cloud of worry darkening her expression, before she realized what she was doing and quickly spat out the chemical taste of the acrylic.

"Come along, then, boys. We've got work to do," she announced, turning smartly on her heels and sashaying towards the winner's suite.

...

Mouse winced as the comb snagged on another knot.

"Tsk. What did I just say?"

"I'm sorry, M-Mama," he stammered. "I—I'll try not to move."

"There's a good boy," his caretaker praised, but the words felt empty to Mouse's ears as Mama Eun-Rick tugged harshly at another snarl with the next sweep of the comb. "After all the nasty excitement you've had today, I guess I shouldn't be surprised you've forgotten your manners. But this wouldn't have to hurt so much if you'd just stop fidgeting."

Mouse nodded obediently. Seated on the chaise's velvet cushion, Mama Eun-Rick gradually worked the tangles out of his still-damp locks. It had only been what seemed like a matter of minutes after Rick and the Guards left that Mama and her two minions swept in to haul Mouse through the usual regimen of washing and primping that took place immediately before and after each session.

After being undressed, he'd been made to stand in the middle of the tub of lukewarm water. There, Mama Eun-Rick scrubbed him down until he was red and lathered his hair with sweet-smelling products. She then rinsed him off and rubbed essential oils of citrus and lavender along the insides of his wrists and behind his ears and knees before setting about to untangle and re-braid his unruly hair.

Meanwhile, the other two Eun-Ricks busied themselves with tidying the room and stripping the linens from the bed to change the silk sheets. They mopped up the blood on the floor with wet rags, completely unmoved by the gore. By the time they were finished, the room looked like it'd never been touched—even the fruit Rick had taken from the bowl was replenished.

As Mama Eun-Rick prattled on, griping about Surgeon Rick's insistent offers for reassignment surgery, Mouse let his mind wander. The way his courtier handled him was blunt and coarse, so unlike the gentleness of Rick's touch, that Mouse marveled at how two sets of identical hands could be so vastly different. As he let himself be pulled about and dabbed at uncaringly by the trio of attendants, he found himself yearning for Rick's company once more.

Their meeting had been unfairly cut short, but in the brief time that he'd shared with the mysterious winning Rick of X-280, Mouse had felt something other than fear and pain for the first time since—well, at least before he'd come here. Before the Last Night. Despite his initial reservations, this Rick was actually kind to him. He'd offered him fruit, which Mouse was normally forbidden from eating, and when Rick had reached out to touch him, it wasn't to pull his hair or wrench his arm or slap him. His hands were tender when they'd held his, and his fingers—oh, his fingers had felt amazing on his head and back where they massaged him. And then—

Mouse's toes curled at the thought of how Rick had touched him so intimately. He hadn't known anything could feel so good, like he was being taken apart, the reservoir of constant tension rushing out of him. If that's what it means to "yank it," he thought, feeling the ember of something warm his stomach, I want it again.

With a sharp whap, Mama Eun-Rick cuffed Mouse on the head with a heavy brush, snapping him out of his daydream. "What did I say about fidgeting?"

"S-sorry," he murmured, rubbing at his head. His caretaker gave an irritated hum, and Mouse could practically feel her accusative look directed at his lap and the arousal hidden beneath his robe. He quickly crossed his legs in the hopes of quelling the source of her disapproval.

"Can't be having any of that now," she clucked, itching absently at her nose.

Mouse's cheeks burned with shame. Ever since the start of his life at the Citadel, he'd been taught that his body was not his to own. It was merely a tool meant to serve his clients and should never be considered a source of pride or pleasure for himself. Anything having to do with the physical was left entirely to the Eun-Ricks and his clients. He ate only for sustenance, was dressed and gussied up as Mama Eun-Rick saw fit, and his personal cell housed only the barest necessities—nothing like the lavish winner's suite which was just that, for the auction winners.

When in the company of the client-of-the-week, he was ordered to address them only as "master" and never speak unless spoken to. He was to do whatever they asked of him, and resistance was forbidden, unless it was expressly requested by the winning Rick. Some Ricks preferred it when he tried to escape from them or verbally begged them to stop. Even then, however, it was only for show, just another way he used his body to satisfy a Rick's desires. As his training had taught him, he could never actually state what he wanted.

But above all else, he was instructed time and time again never to touch himself. Mama Eun-Rick would tell him stories about the horrors that would befall him if he ever placed his hands on himself, saying how only naughty Mortys did something so dirty, and how those naughty Mortys were jettisoned out of the airlock as punishment. It was enough to keep him up at night. At the beginning, of course, he didn't really understand what it meant; he was too young when they first brought him here to know what self-pleasure entailed. Now, however, after what Rick had done to him, he guessed that "yanking it" fell under that category.

And it had come with a price.

A wave of guilt washed over him as he thought back to the events of earlier that night. Maybe Mama Eun-Rick had been right, after all. Even though there'd been no threat of an airlock after the pleasure he'd experienced at Rick's hands, bad things had happened. Not to him, but to Rick. His stomach churned as he relived the memories of Rick's beating. He'd been nothing but good to Mouse, and yet... Surely, that had been Mouse's punishment for letting himself stray from his disciplining.

As much as he hated the constant pain—the torture, the neglect, the loneliness—at least he'd learned to deal with it in his own way. He could shut off his emotions, detach himself from the pain as best he could; otherwise, he'd have lost his mind a long time ago. Denying himself feelings had been his saving grace, but since his time with Rick, it was like a leak had opened in his carefully constructed dam. He felt things he'd never allowed himself to feel before, the pleasure just as intense as the accompanying heartache that made his chest squeeze.

Though he couldn't quite explain it, something about Rick resonated with him on a level that hadn't been accessed in years. Rick had been kind to him. He'd cared about him in a way that he hadn't felt since before, back with his family on Earth. Although it scared him to feel so vulnerable, a new emotion glowed beneath the maelstrom, warm and thrilling. It was hope. Hope that things could be different, that he wasn't trapped in an endless cycle of auctions and clients and hurt.

And something told him that Rick would be the one to take him away from all this.

"There. All finished," Mama Eun-Rick announced, straightening the white ribbon at the bottom of his braid. With a groan, she stood and collected the hair care set to tuck it back into the bathroom's many drawers. The two Eun-Ricks were waiting by the door, ready to escort her out.

Mouse hopped onto his feet to follow, but Mama Eun-Rick stopped him with a palm to his forehead. She laughed. "And just where do you think you're going?"

"Um...m-my room?"

Mama Eun-Rick tutted. "Oh, no, Honey-Oney. Not tonight, you're not." She spun him around and corralled him towards the bed. Propping him up onto the mattress, she placed a hand on one jutting hip and waggled a finger at him. "Don't think you're getting out of it just because of that troublesome X-Rick. You've still got a client to see."

Mouse paled, and a cold sweat broke out all over him, "A...a client?" His voice cracked. "B-but, Mama Eun-Rick, I already—"

"Tut-tut-tut! No buts from you, young man," Mama Eun-Rick chided, arranging the braid over his shoulder and tucking the edges of his robe beneath his thighs like he was a doll on display. "Orders from the Council. We can't have you wasting a perfectly good week after barely a half hour with that dud of a Rick. After all, the Council has its favorites to keep happy." She smiled, applying gloss on his slack lips as though she were readying Mouse for a date rather than a night of unspeakable torture. The artificial strawberry scent stung his eyes.

Mouse clutched desperately at Mama Eun-Rick's robes. "P-please! It's—it's already so late." He scoured his mind for some excuse, anything to stave off the inevitable. "And I'm—I'm so tired!"

The cheerfulness disappeared from Mama Eun-Rick's face. She gripped the edge of her robe and ripped it out of Mouse's hands. With a vicious sneer, she leaned in and squeezed Mouse's cheeks, her long nails biting little crescent moons into the soft flesh.

"If you didn't have a client coming, I'd slap the sass right out of that pretty little face of yours." She pushed Mouse's face away as she spat venomously, "Really. What on earth has gotten into you?"

There was a knock at the door just then, and Mama Eun-Rick straightened, the smile once again smoothing her features. "Ah, that must be him now." Mouse massaged the pinched skin of his cheek as he watched Mama Eun-Rick bustle to the door with a clamor of tapping heels and clinking jewelry.

Brushing aside her cohorts with an impatient flap of her wrist, she stole a breath before placing her hand on the door's handle. Then she pulled it wide open, bowing deeply and speaking in her most ingratiating voice, "Welcome, master. We're honored that you would grace us again with your presence."

Mouse raised his eyes slowly to watch the client strut inside, pompous as a king returning to his castle. The Rick sniffed down at the triplet Eun-Ricks, granting them a cursory nod before settling his gaze on Mouse.

A lecherous grin spread over his lips and dimpled his cheeks.

"Should you need anything, master, we are but a call aw—"

"Yes, yes. I'm aware. You may leave us," H-531 snapped.

Without another word, the Eun-Ricks bowed in acquiescence before shuffling out of the room in the traditional manner. Just before the door clicked shut behind them, Mama Eun-Rick shot one last glare at Mouse, her message clear: Don't screw this up.

"All right, then," H-531 sighed, taking his time to walk across the room and enjoying the way Mouse flinched at his every step. "I've had a very long night, so let's get started."

Towering over Mouse, H-531 slipped the diamond-studded belt free from his pants. Its faceted surface caught the light from the torture chamber's overhead lamp and threw a galaxy of stars across Mouse's trembling face. Folding the belt over once, he smacked it against the meaty flesh of his palm and licked his lips.

"Now strip."

All things considered, Rick's plan was coming along better than he'd expected.

He'd made it to the Citadel after a nearly flawless bank heist, infiltrated the Elite's circle of bidders with ease, and even won the after-hours Morty Auction on his first attempt. It was a good thing he'd decided to hack that second vault back on Va'ghnoot, after all. The extra stash of uzom had given him enough reserve to beat Mr. Double-Chin and still leave him sitting pretty for at least another auction. Maybe two, if he played his cards right.

Rick tugged at the heavy chain that linked his wrists to the floor.

Yup. Things were definitely looking up.

It'd been an hour since the Guards had left him bound and alone in the center of the Council Chamber, and the monotony was starting to grate on him. He glanced at his surroundings through his swollen eye, but he'd already taken in everything the space had to offer. The gleaming golden surfaces, vaulted windows which emitted a warm, nebulous light, and even the alien shrubbery were all designed to give visitors a sense of awe and grandeur.

Obviously, somebody was overcompensating, Rick thought.

He shifted, trying to get the blood flowing through his stiff legs, but immediately regretted it as his fractured rib made itself known with another burst of searing pain. Sucking in a breath, he carefully eased back to his original position to take the tension off his torso. This resulted in him standing slightly stooped, and he grimaced, knowing that it'd make him look even more pathetic from the Council's view atop their elevated platform.

It was probably exactly what they had in mind. Rick was only too aware that being made to wait like this was just another part of the Council's mind games, an underhanded tactic to make their audience feel apprehensive and powerless in the minutes leading up to the Council's grand entrance. While he'd never actually met the Council before, he'd seen their likenesses plastered all over billboards throughout the Citadel and on tacky paraphernalia at Salesman Rick's chain store—mugs and T-shirts, even collectible playing cards. Here they were treated like A-list celebrities, but to Rick, they were little more than crooks.

For all that he was eager to meet his judge and jury and get his bullshit arrest dealt with, at least the quiet left him with plenty of time to think. Ignoring the aches and pains that riddled his beaten body, Rick turned his focus instead on the litany of complex developments that had been nagging for his attention over the past couple of hours. And what a couple of hours it'd been.

It hadn't even been a full day since he'd stepped foot in the Citadel, and yet his whole world had been turned upside down after the Morty Auction. After meeting Mouse. Worry knotted his stomach as his mind flew to Mouse, wondering what had happened to the kid after Rick had been dragged from the room by the Captain and his cronies. Mouse had been distraught, frantic even, when the Guards beat Rick mercilessly, and Rick's heart clenched, remembering the look of pure distress on the boy's face. However, in the last moments they'd shared, the unassuming Morty took on a fierceness that impressed him. Risking his own well-being to shield Rick and then standing up to the Captain like that...

Rick grinned to himself. It's like they say. Big things come in small packages.

But it wasn't just Mouse's unexpected defiance that surprised him. Rick now knew that The One had a power even greater than the sought-after Epiphanies that Elite Ricks bid for so extravagantly. While an Epiphany kicked a Rick's genius into sixth gear, bridging the gaps in logic and accelerating the thinking process, this other ability— Clairvoyance? Telepathy? It still sounded crazy to Rick to use words that he'd once scoffed at, himself. But whatever it was, it'd allowed him to trespass into that most secretive terrain known to man: the mind.

The experience had left him shaken and more than a little confused when he tried to reconcile why he'd acted the way he did towards Mouse. With Mouse's thoughts permeating his mind the way wet ink bleeds through paper, it was hard to distinguish where his own desires ended and Mouse's began. Had he really been so aroused by the pounding of the boy's heart against his chest that it drove him to make his advances, or had he merely been carried away by Mouse's reveries projected onto him? That was the tricky thing about having another's thoughts resonate inside your head: Nothing was clear-cut. How do you discern something as intangible and fluid as thought?

He slid his eyes shut, tuning out the garish surroundings, as he tried to recall how the Resonance had felt with Mouse.

At first, he'd only been able to pick up on Mouse's emotions—random inclinations that at the time he'd incorrectly interpreted as homegrown—before eventually "hearing" complete words which were clearly disparate from his own. Hell, considering how long it took him to realize what was even happening, Rick couldn't be sure when the Resonances had first started. What exactly had triggered them?

He flipped through the events of earlier that evening, going over each word, each touch—

A sudden vibration rumbled to life under Rick's feet, and he jerked his head up, his train of thought abruptly thrown off-track. From the stately belvedere situated in front of him, six golden thrones rose slowly into view, a Rick seated rigidly in each.

At last, the Council of Ricks had decided to grace him with its presence. Dressed in full regalia of identical white surcoats and angular gold-plated collars, the Council's visage was both regal and pious, clearly intended to invoke reverence in their constituents.

Just as the seats clicked into place, a Rick with full beard and mustache stood solemnly and jabbed a finger at him.

"Yo! Show some 'spect, foo! Don' make me come down dere an' set you straight, boy!"

Rick stumbled back a few feet, physically repelled by the verbal assault, before catching at the end of the chain and falling clumsily on his bottom.

"Das more like it!" The council member crossed his arms, his fingers splayed in hokey gang signs. "You's here fo' committin' some serious crimes, brotha. An' das jus' whack! So da Council is gonna put you in dis sick-ass Machinizzle of Unspeakable Doomizzle. Like, fer realz. It gonna swap yo' conscious mind wicho' unconscious mind." The Rick was pacing back and forth like he was onstage at a concert while he promulgated. "An' all dem fantasiez you's got? Nah, broh, dey gone. Everythin' you tink you's know, it gone too."

Even as Rick struggled to make sense of what the council member was saying, his mind reeled at the bizarre first impression. The wildly gesticulating Rick on the platform hardly fit the image he had of the Council. Seated at the apex of the Rick hierarchy and with seemingly limitless power, he was expecting something more poised, more refined. Not...

"An' e'ry ten seconds, it stab yo' balls."

Rick blinked.

"Hold your hoAAURGHrses, Brother Ricktiminus," the Rick to his right piped up, flipping through a packet of papers in his hands. A mop of swirled hair sat precariously high on his head, and it shifted ever so slightly as he moved. "This might be a bitter pill to swallow, but you're actually barking up the wrong tree."

"Zeta Alpha's right. I'll explain, if I might." A third member at the far left end of the platform with a drooping pompadour pointed at something on the top-most sheet of his packet as he Suess'ed, "According to the itinerary, only tomorrow is that necessary. It appears that you've confused the two, as you are apt to do."

"Aaaw, shee-it," Ricktiminus pouted, slouching low in his seat. "Dang, Prime, ah can't be keepin' track o' all deez here crackas, yo!"

"Maybe if you stopped to look before you leaped. That's always been your Achilles' heel," Zeta Alpha teased.

"Aaaurgh-braacgh-urrp."

Rick wrinkled his nose at the afro'ed council member who merely delivered a string of wet belches. Oddly enough, the other Ricks took it in stride, some even nodding in agreement.

"Took the words right out of my mouth, Quantum."

The banter carried on for another minute, each council member talking or burping loudly with little regard for his neighbor. They reminded Rick more of a crowd of obnoxious schoolkids than the single most powerful body of Ricks in the multiverse. Were these hacks really the same ones who had served him up to the GF on a silver platter all those years back? Rick glanced furtively around him, half-expecting to find someone catching the practical joke on camera.

When the Captain of the Guard had first shoved the arrest warrant in his face, spouting on about "faulty funds," Rick had been certain that it was just a half-assed ploy by the Council to drag him out here and finish what they'd started ten years ago. Surely, they'd figured out who he was. His dimensional label had to have caught their attention. He was Rick of X-280, the guiltless victim of some political conspiracy arranged by the Council that had kept him imprisoned for the better part of a decade. After he'd scraped his way here at the risk of everything, he was going to get even with the Council who had screwed him over. Blood was going to be spilled, accusations were going to fly, and hell was going to be paid.

Yet this wasn't quite the confrontation he'd imagined.

"Uh, hey? Hellooo?" Rick called from the floor. His initial eagerness to finally face the Council had adrenaline fraying the ends of his nerves, and now he was just itching to get the ordeal over with. "I'm still here, y'know. We gonna—we gonna move this thing along or what?" But the Council was too caught up in their clamor to pay Rick any mind. Finally, the middle council member with shoulder-length hair stood and held his arms out to his peers to quiet them.

"Comrades, compatriots, please. Let us refrain from squandering any more invaluable time, but rather beseech our venerated leader Riq IV to instigate this tribunal." He swept his hand out, palm up, to the Rick at the far right end of the platform who had remained silent over the course of the rowdy discourse. The council leader sported a goatee and wore his hair in a trio of sharp tufts on his head; his expression, impossible to read as he fixed Rick with a penetrating stare.

Riq leaned back, crossing his ankle over one knee while he delicately propped his chin on two fingers. "Thank you, Maximums Rickimus, for that eloquent introduction. It was...overly verbose, as usual," he said, not bothering to turn and address his council-mate directly. He huffed a sigh through his nose and tapped one long finger against his cheek as though weighing his words before speaking. "Rick of X-280, I hear that you—" He paused, furrowing his brow. "Oh, get uAUGHp already. You look ridiculous."

With his wrists still cuffed together, it took Rick a considerable amount of effort to wrangle himself to his knees and finally onto his feet. His sore muscles weren't making it any easier either. Yet despite the complaints of his injuries, he stood as straight as he could manage, the barest tremor at the corner of his mouth betraying just how much pain he was in. He was more than willing to bear it, though, if it meant facing his captors like a man—unlike last time, when the Council had neglected to even show up for their own brother's sentencing.

"That's better," Riq continued. "As I was saying, you certainly caused quite the commotion at tonight's Morty Auction. Why, Auctioneer Rick could barely get out just how much your winning bid was worth. How much was it again, Zeta Alpha?"

"Let's just say it cost him an arm and a leg," Zeta Alpha answered with a shit-eating grin, looking over Rick's bruised body with wicked delight. Rick scowled, the double meaning not lost on him. The tiresome turns of phrase were starting to irk him.

"Still, imagine our surprise when we found out that one of yourkind was the winner of the auction. Your little stunt was hard to ignore, especially considering that it's not every day we see a—the Citadel gets a visit from an X-Rick," Riq's lip curled scornfully over the word.

Rick couldn't miss the sneers that echoed across the other council members' faces at the mention of the dimensional slur, and he was painfully reminded that no matter where he went, his dimension's reputation preceded him amongst Ricks. It branded him an outcast, dooming him to be ostracized and loathed by his brethren for the rest of his days.

Of all the dimensions that had been meticulously labeled and catalogued by the Council of Ricks, Dimension X sat low on the hierarchical list, its titular designation a blatant jab to all Ricks who fell along that one particular timeline. While most Ricks on the central finite curve conceived a Beth who got knocked up by a Jerry and then birthed a Summer and eventually a Morty, a cruel twist of fate had set Dimension X's timeline along a divergent path. Beth still got knocked up by a Jerry and then birthed a Summer, but in every iteration of Dimension X, her Morty was always a stillborn.

"To come here takes much bravery, what with a reputation so unsavory." Rick Prime was practically bouncing in his seat, obviously pleased with his little rhyme. The reference dug into Rick like a barb.

Although the infant Morty's death was through no fault of the Rick, the notion was still so repulsive to Ricks across the multiverse, that those of Dimension X were stigmatized. Freaks, they were called. Losers. Fuck-ups. Failures. Morty murderers. Many Ricks even went so far as to regard them as black cats—symbols of bad luck and something to avoid out of fear that somehow their own Mortys would also meet an early end. Rick could recall countless times when a Rick would glare in his direction and shield his Morty from him when he passed by.

The superstition was so prevalent that many Dimension X Ricks opted not to associate with other Ricks, preferring to sequester themselves to their own kind and even condemn the Council of Ricks as a whole. Doing so, of course, meant foregoing the security and replacement Mortys that the Council could provide, but it was still considered a better alternative than having to endure the never-ending ridicule.

"So tell us. How did an X-Rick come into such a large—so vast a fortune?"

Rather than answering Riq immediately, Rick turned to spit, the blood-tinged saliva staining the pristine floor. "My dear Aunt Bertha left it to me." His tone dripped with barefaced sarcasm. If they were going to play him, then he could play them right back.

Riq's eyebrow twitched, his expression hollow.

"I'm moiling to recall that particular familial matron," Maximums Rickimus mused aloud, rubbing at his chin. "Notwithstanding, I may merely not be as well-versed in the plethora of potential genealogical relationships across the breadth of Ricks." He paused to take a breath. "Given the intrinsically capricious nature of dimensional planes, it is not outside the realm of possibility that such a benefactor could, in fact, exist."

As the self-appointed intellectual of the assembly, Maximums seemed to hold some sway over his peers. They nodded enthusiastically and gave trite sounds of understanding, when it was obvious the statement had flown right over their heads. The two to Maximum's right even mirrored his gesture, rubbing at their own chins, as though mimicry alone could convince everyone of their intelligence. Apparently, no one else on the Council shared Riq's misgivings.

But rather than delighting in how easily the Council had swallowed his hackneyed explanation, Rick was only left with a sense of unease. How could this possibly be the same Council who had masterminded his imprisonment the last time? He had a pretty solid grasp of the art of suspense, but this was getting ridiculous. At first, he thought they were just taking their time, enjoying a few laughs at his expense before stripping away the veneer and getting down to business. With every passing minute, however, he was beginning to suspect that perhaps they didn't actually know who he was.

From what he'd been able to piece together about the circumstances of his prior arrest, the Galactic Federation had been given his coordinates by the Council. During his booking and sentencing, the Federation had acted for all the world like they'd orchestrated the raid on their own, but Rick had never believed that. He'd been too cunning, too smart, always one step ahead of them for so long. It didn't make sense that his track record of evasion would go up in smoke so suddenly. He'd racked his brain while pacing his cell, trying to pinpoint the moment he'd slipped up, when he'd let his guard down, but he couldn't find any plausible explanation for it. The Federation's raid had been air-tight, all of Rick's backup plans foiled before he even had the chance to execute them.

It wasn't until a few years into his sentence that the warden of his cell block eventually gave voice to Rick's suspicions.

They sold you out.

Those had been his exact words. But as for why the Council had sold him out, that information was never forthcoming. Now, as he stood in the Council Chamber before this panel of buffoons, Rick realized with a sickening sense of déjà vu that this was the second time he found himself at the mercy of the Council with no clear understanding as to why. Rick hated being left in the dark, and the growing feeling of dread in his stomach was beginning to make his palms sweat.

"W-wait a second. Do you guys—" Rick started, stopping only to wet his lips which had suddenly gone dry. He eyed the Council warily as he stammered, "D-do you guys even..."

He was met with a row of blank faces. Even Riq seemed just mildly annoyed by his pitiful stuttering. Before he could get the rest of his question out, however, Quantum Rick broke in with a raucous monologue of burps.

"Urrpa-bburrrp-braaak-hurragh. Aurrup-graagh."

"Please, have some compassion. The poor thing looks ashen." Rick Prime said, wiping away a stray fleck of Quantum's spittle that had landed on his cheek. He turned a haughty eye to Rick. "We've never dealt with an X-Rick before, and as you can imagine, the subject's quite sore. But now that you're here, please do bend our ear. Go ahead. You are given the floor."

"Never...dealt with?" Rick echoed the stanza. He looked from council member to council member, but they were just staring back at him expectantly, as if the matter of Aunt Bertha had laid any concerns to rest, and now they were merely waiting to move onto the next, presumably more interesting, topic.

Rick felt like his stomach had fallen out of him and onto the floor.

All of his hypotheses, which had built up his arrest as the key to some grand scheme, came tumbling down in that moment like a flimsy house of cards. Instead of feeling outrage—no, that would come later, when reality really sank in—it was humiliation that made his joints feel loose and his shoulders sag. He'd come in prepared for a life-changing moment of revelation. Now, he just felt like the butt of some very bad joke.

A tiny part of him had always feared that this was a possibility, much as he'd tried to deny it. Those dark, little whispers that used to plague him in his cell every night, jeering at him that the truth was so much simpler than he'd wanted it to be: That his imprisonment meant jack shit. It was clear that the Council not only had no recollection of ever having had him arrested, but they didn't even remember him. For all Rick knew, ten years of his life had likely been scratched out with the arbitrary stroke of a pen.

Right on the heels of his remorse, however, it dawned on Rick that perhaps being forgotten by the Council would work in his favor. If they found out that he was a GF convict now, then in all likelihood, they'd toss him right back from where he came. And it was too soon for Rick to lose his hard-earned freedom. He hadn't plotted his revenge for this long just to throw it all away over a tantrum.

Stealing the Council's precious pet out from under them had been his original plan all along, but now that things had grown a bit more complicated with The One, Rick realized that his plan was in need of more time. If one thing was true about Rick, it was he was no stranger to back-pedaling his way out of a sticky situation.

"I-I meant, I was gonna ask—w-what the hell kind of a tribunal is this? I thought you brought me here because there was a problem with my money." He puffed out his chest, hiding the fact that his reality was currently lying in pieces around him. "So? What about it?"

"Oh, that." Riq picked a piece of lint off his sleeve. "Just a little issue we had with the exchange rate. Uzom are a bitch to convert into credits, as you can imagine, their being so rare and all. But your money is perfectly fine."

"Then what the hell am I under arrest for? What the hell was thisfor?" He tucked one shoulder up to his injured eye, unable to lift his bound hands. "Your fucking Guards beat me like I was number one on the terror-Rick list!"

"Check yo'self, foo! Da Cap'n says you wuz makin' mad static up in da hood. An' dat brotha don' bojangle fo' nothin'. Hiz crew be tellin' it like it is. Ya talk shit, ya get hit, aight?"

Rick just stared, utterly lost, before turning to one of the other council members for some help.

"As Ricktiminus was so colorfully putting it," Riq explained, "the Captain filed a report saying that you exhibited some aggressive behavior during your arrest, which he simply met with equal force." Riq ran his eyes up and down Rick's form, and Rick found himself unable to suppress a chill at the unsettling intensity of that look. It felt like he was being stripped bare where he stood. "I just wonder what he did to make you raise a fist against the Captain of the Guard." The scoff went unsaid, but Rick heard it all the same.

"He was—" Rick quickly bit down on his tongue. He was hurting Mouse. He could still see the Captain yanking Mouse off the floor by his hair, remembered the glint of light off his teeth poised just over Mouse's bare skin. A lightning flash of fury crackled through Rick, but he forced it down before it could reach his face. Of course, the Council wouldn't understand if he'd said it was because of how the Captain had been torturing Mouse. After all, that was exactly what a Rick was supposed to do with The One.

He'd read the cheesy pamphlet that the Elite received as part of their formal invitation into the ranks. After the flowery introductory text, it listed tried and true methods of torture that were "guaranteed to produce results," even going so far as to point out key parts of Morty anatomy that would elicit the most pain with the least amount of effort. He was surprised they didn't just call it Morty Torture 101. Then again, the Council's position mandated that they maintain their public image of classiness.

But Rick of X-280 couldn't even fathom willingly harming Mouse like that—or any Morty, for that matter. Since his dimension's Morty had been taken from him prematurely, he'd been denied the unique bond that Ricks and Mortys shared. While most Ricks openly abused their Mortys at the slightest affront, Rick regarded all Mortys with a certain amount of curiosity and even compassion.

"He was—" Rick repeated, looking to the side as he shrugged. "He just rubbed me the wrong way."

Quantum Rick snorted and gave a mighty burp.

"He does have that effect on folks," Prime agreed. "But as they say, different strokes." Another wave of murmuring agreement rumbled across the panel of council members.

"Anyway." Rick was eager to move the topic off of what had transpired in the winner's suite. "If my money's not the problem, then what did you turds drag me in here for? A fucking meet-and-greet?"

Zeta Alpha punched a fist into his hand. "Hit the nail right on the head."

"Yes, something like that," Riq answered coolly. "We wanted to personally welcome our newest member of the Elite, especially one as talented as you."

If by talented, you mean rolling in dough, you greedy motherfuckers.

Riq continued, unaware of Rick's musings. "Your performance at the Morty Auction showed us that you have just the kind of potential we like to see among the Elite. It's our belief that we could have a very lucrative future together."

"Uh, that sounds sorta like bullshit, y'know. I mean, coming from the guys who have me chained up like a goddamn convict." Rick rattled the bonds around his wrists to illustrate his point, giving an annoyed ahem.

"Pardon the faux pas. Force of habit." Maximums Rickimus offered simply, for once not exhausting his impressive vocabulary. With a firm double-clap of his hands, a Guard appeared at Rick's side to remove his bindings. As Rick rubbed at where the heavy locks had bitten into his skin, he toyed with the idea of swiping the Guard's piece strapped to his thigh, but another wave of pain quickly convinced him to forego it. For now.

Steepling his fingers together, Riq dipped his chin as he looked down at Rick. "Better? Now, before we see you off, we'd first like to extend our sincerest apologies." Some of his council-mates fidgeted uncomfortably at the word, and Ricktiminus gave an audible groan. "Sincerest apologies," Riq enunciated again, giving the others a dirty look before he went on. "To make up for any inconvenience we've caused you, we've arranged special accommodations for you within the Citadel, where you are invited to stay for the duration of your—" He cocked his head. "How long did you say you would be staying with us?"

"I didn't," Rick shot back. He paused to think it over, crunching the numbers quickly in his head. "I figure a few weeks, if I feel like it."

"A few weeks too soon, I imagine." Riq grinned, but it reminded Rick more of an animal baring its teeth. "All of your needs will be met—clothing, food, entertainment. Please consider yourself our special guest during your stay. We look forward to hearing about your upcoming bids. I'm sure you won't disappoint us." Riq then raised his hand and gave a little wave.

Adjusting his collar with an impertinent tug, Rick turned and began to walk, or rather, limp across the chamber floor, the Guard at his side. He'd made it halfway to the exit before Rick Prime, who had been reading through the case summary, suddenly exclaimed behind him.

"2,500,001? That's the highest bid ever, second to none!" He smacked the paper with the back of his hand. "While The One's ability is truly paramount, I'm still astounded by this amount."

"You's seriously droppin' fat Benjamins on dat kid? Is you madness?" Ricktiminus joined in. "Foo, I don' care how hella fly yo' Epiphany is, das jus' cray-cray, sho' nuff!"

"I am obligated to concur with my brethren on this matter. To allocate such a substantial portion of monetary currency when one is relatively unaccustomed to the auction would naturally be regarded as a misappropriation of one's capital—"

"All right, Maximums. We get the picture. This isn't the goddamn SATs," Riq sighed wearily. "Just one moment, Rick of X-280, if you'll please." His voice reverberated off the high walls as he called across the chamber to Rick.

The Guard smoothly lowered his gun across Rick's path, stopping him without having to say a word. Huffing, Rick turned stiffly to face the Council.

"What the Council is trying to ask is why a new Elite," Riq peered closely at the report in his hands, "who has never even previously entered the Citadel, would pay such a high bid on his very first night at the auctions."

"Uh, same reason as every other Elite? Duh. An Epiphany." Rick shrugged. "What do you think I—"

"And just what is it you're working towards that you'd need an Epiphany for?"

Rick had come prepared for this one. "The cure for male pattern baldness," he lied without skipping a beat.

The council members murmured in appreciation over his answer, no doubt running mental calculations of just how much a discovery like that would bring in, not to mention what it would do for their own receding hairlines. Rick noticed Zeta Alpha creep a finger beneath his oversized wig to scratch at an itch.

However, Riq remained unimpressed. "That's odd," he went on, his tone dripping with feigned surprise. "You see, according to the Medic's examination following your arrest, it appears that there was no sign of injury on The One. Not a scratch, bump, or bruise. How did you expect to get an Epiphany if you didn't inflict pain on The One?" He placed the report on his lap and folded his hands neatly together in front of him as he pierced Rick with his gaze. "Tell us, Rick of X-280. What exactly were you doing in there for those 38 and a half minutes?"

Rick froze, his heart suddenly hammering in his chest.

A second of oppressive silence passed, then another. It was hard to come up with a worthwhile explanation when his mind was already replaying images from his time with Mouse. He could practically hear Mouse's needy moans in his ears, feel the wetness of his arousal on his fingers.

"I..."

Some of the council members were fidgeting anxiously in their seats, obviously disconcerted by Rick's silence. While their eyes were beginning to narrow with suspicion, Riq looked almost amused, like a predator patiently waiting for his prey to tire before sinking his fangs in. A sinister grin tugged at his lips, and there was a madness behind those eyes that struck Rick cold.

The mental game of cat-and-mouse was wearing Rick down and...suddenly he had his answer.

"Well, Rick of X-280? We're waiting."

"A-all right, already! I heard you the fourth time," Rick snapped. "I was just taking a psychological torture route. Y'know, tear him apart from the inside. All—all that good stuff." His eyes darted from Rick to Rick, anxiously gauging their response.

The assembly noticeably relaxed, their brows unfurrowing. Maximums and Quantum exchanged an approving nod while Zeta Alpha spoke aloud. "For a moment there, X-Rick, I thought you were just pulling our leg. But I guess there's more than one way to skin a cat."

"Psychological means? Perhaps it's more effective than it seems. While not the most popular method to employ, whatever it is that you enjoy," Rick Prime sing-songed.

Without another word, Riq motioned for Rick to take his leave, that all-knowing smile still plastered on his face. It gave Rick the chills, and he was more than happy to finally be out of the Council Chamber, away from Riq and his cuckoo band of council-mates.

...

A cracked moan fell from Mouse's lips, his throat too hoarse from screaming hours earlier to get out anything remotely human. His mouth had long-since gone dry, and he panted weakly, unable to get much more than a sip of air with each inhale.

The slight shift made the rope that held him rotate, and he found himself spinning slowly from right to left as his legs dangled uselessly beneath him. Mouse was suspended three feet off the tile floor, naked and bruised. A thick coil of rope bound his arms tightly behind his back and up, forcing his head down, as all his weight hung precariously from his delicate shoulders.

Strappado, ?-531 had called it.

He moaned again as his shoulders settled another fraction of an inch, the strain in his muscles and tendons growing even more unbearable. This time, his laments did not go unheard, and ?-531 shifted in the bed where he was currently sleeping.

After flogging Mouse ruthlessly upon his arrival and then hanging him in the torture device, ?-531 had left him there, begging and crying for mercy, while he'd rolled into bed for a little power nap. That was nearly two hours ago, and now ?-531 yawned widely, finally stirring from his slumber. He reached down to slip a hand beneath his robe and scratch absently at his crotch before cracking an eye open and smiling at Mouse as though greeting a lover.

Propping his chin on one hand, ?-531 blinked lazily at Mouse as he admired his handiwork. His beady eyes, rich with appreciation, darted over Mouse's naked form. "You look lovely in strrrappado, you know that?" he drawled, rolling the "r" with no small amount of flair. "I think I should leave you like this more often." He took a moment to stretch leisurely. "Mmmm. It's like I always say, nothing beats a dream Epiphany. There's something so much more intuitive about them. Wouldn't you agree?"

Mouse could only stare down at the floor, too exhausted and afraid to raise his head. At this unnatural angle, the movement could easily dislocate both arms. Not bothered by the lack of response to his rhetorical question, ?-531 hoisted himself from the bed, stepped into a pair of plush slippers, and plodded his way over to Mouse. The chunky gold chains that hung around ?-531's neck clinked lightly with his every step.

"Thank you so much for giving me the blueprints to nano-armor, by the way. So nice to finally have that figured out." He pinched Mouse's cheek. "Such a smart, smart cookie you are."

For all the bravado that ?-531 put on in public, he was unexpectedly affectionate and doting on Mouse during his private sessions. At least, as doting as a sadist could be. Of all of Mouse's visitors, ?-531 enjoyed adding a certain stroke of creativity to his choice of torture, which varied from moment to moment. He took full advantage of the stock of equipment available to him, almost using the torture as a creative outlet, a way to further express his particular brand of brutality which Mouse was forced to endure.

Leaning back, ?-531 noted the sickly pale blue that was creeping down Mouse's arms and pouted. "I'm afraid it's about time we took you down from there, little one. I can't have the Council on my back about needing to get your arms amputated," he said with a chuckle. "But first..."

He placed one finger on the center of Mouse's back between his shoulder blades and pressed down. Mouse howled anew, his throat forcing out the last scraps of voice he had left. He was sure his shoulders were finally going to be pulled from their sockets as the pressure grew, but at the last moment, ?-531 eased up with a contented sigh. He sounded like a man just finished with a satisfying meal. By then, Mouse was wheezing out thin reeds of air, hot tears running down his cheeks and onto the floor.

"Ah, of course. The Gromflomite's defense administration! That would be the best place to apply my new invention." ?-531 patted him on the head before reaching to undo the restraints. Mouse only whimpered, knowing that his release from the contraption wouldn't be the end of his torment.

With a few practiced moves, ?-531 gradually undid the rope until Mouse fell loose-limbed into his embrace. The sudden loss of pressure on his ravaged shoulders sent an excruciating jolt of pain crackling down Mouse's arms, and the flood of adrenaline left him twitching and spasming uncontrollably against ?-531's chest.

"P-p-please, master. No m-more. Please..." Unable even to lift his head, Mouse murmured desperately into the collar of the silk bathrobe.

"Shh, shh. There we go. You're all right," ?-531 cooed, smoothing a hand down Mouse's hair and ignoring his soft pleas. He carried the boy's slight form easily to the bathroom to stand in front of the Jacuzzi. The tub had already been filled, the jets churning the steaming hot water into frothy eddies as it hummed rhythmically. Translucent vapors whisked off the surface in a snake charmer's dance.

"Come now. Stand up." He swung Mouse down onto his feet, giving him just enough support until Mouse found his bearings. Some feeling had already returned to his legs, but he still leaned heavily against the side of the tub to remain upright.

Mouse watched with unfocused eyes as ?-531 loosened the sash around his waist and let the silken robe fall in a heap at his feet. His wrinkled erection stood stiffly out from his groin, the folds of belly fat hiding its base so that only the tip was visible. Stepping gingerly into the tub, ?-531 slowly lowered himself into the frothy water with an appreciative sigh, the girth of his belly and fleshy pecs bobbing in the water like an archipelago of islands.

"Just splendid," he breathed, sliding his eyes shut. He leaned his head back against the Jacuzzi's edge, arms splayed out to either side. The water jets pummeled pleasantly at his back, adding a minute vibrato to his voice. "All those Epiphanies can be exhausting, really. Be a dear, little one, and scrub me down, would you?"

A shiver ran across Mouse's skin despite the warm and humid air wafting from the running Jacuzzi. While ?-531 rarely repeated the same method of torture, his post-session baths were a fixture in his routine. Mouse knew precisely what to expect, and with a heavy heart, he climbed gracelessly into the tub to join his master. He winced as the water stung the welts that checkered his skin where ?-531's belt had bitten into him.

With his arms still entirely numb, Mouse fumbled to grasp the folded hand towel that lay at one corner of the tub. Wetting it and then lathering it with the body wash was even more of a struggle, made possible only by wedging the cloth between his wrists. After much labor, he finally managed to press it flimsily against ?-531's neck and chest. His efforts were met with an approving hum by his master.

An unpleasant itching and popping had begun to radiate from Mouse's fingertips, the feeling returning to his limbs in a way that made each movement another form of torture in itself. Mouse bit down on the inside of his cheek to keep from crying out as he worked, shakily dragging the wet cloth across ?-531's skin. He kept his focus on the task, careful to keep up a steady pace. ?-531 in a good mood didn't necessarily mean Mouse would be spared from any further torture, but when in a bad mood, the man could be downright demonic.

The winning Rick sighed sensually while Mouse worked, giving little points of instruction of where Mouse should rub harder or when to re-dampen the cloth. The work was slow going, and Mouse's shoulders and neck still ached tremendously from the strappado. He wanted nothing more than to fall over and sleep right there, but instead he was forced to pamper his torturer, who'd already enjoyed a luxurious rest and was now basking in a jet pool with Mouse attending to him like a personal servant.

At any other time, Mouse wouldn't have thought twice about it. He'd long-since resigned himself to his fate as a tool for winning Ricks to use at their whim. It was a forlorn and troubling reality, but one that he accepted, nevertheless, as readily as he breathed air. Now, however, a tiny seed of resentment took root in Mouse's heart.

I hate this. I hate this. I hate all of this.

His core quivered beneath the weight of his own scandalous thoughts. These were thoughts that would get him punished harshly by Mama Eun-Rick or, worse yet, by the Council itself if he ever gave them voice.

I hate Rick ?-531.

Suddenly, the target of his hatred grabbed Mouse's wrist with one hand and yanked him close until Mouse was only inches from ?-531's face. Mouse's heart pounded as ?-531 peered into his eyes as though he were somehow able to read the very thoughts that Mouse was desperately trying to squash.

"Your hands are shaking, little one. Anxious to get started, are we?" He purred with a lascivious grin. But, no, ?-531 had only misconstrued Mouse's barely concealed rage for impatience, and before Mouse could answer, he had pulled Mouse's hand beneath the churning water to hold it against his throbbing erection.

Mouse winced, realizing what ?-531 was ordering him to do. It was a relatively new addition to ?-531's routine, and Mouse had largely hoped that he would be spared it tonight. The memories of his time with Rick were still too fresh, too pure to soil them with such a vile association.

"Go on now. You know what to do." ?-531 nearly panted, wetting his lips with an eager lick of his tongue as he watched Mouse intensely. "Do it like—like Daddy showed you."

"Y-yes, master," Mouse answered, devoid of any emotion. To detach himself mentally and emotionally from the situation was his only option, and with the ease that comes with practice, he systematically shut off every feeling, one after another. Disgust, humiliation, bitterness, fear, even that peculiar shade of envy he felt whenever he watched Ricks revel in their carnal pleasure—he cut them out of his heart as one snips loose threads from cloth.

Mouse put his half-numb hands around ?-531's cock, the fingers of his right hand curling over his left to tighten the grip. ?-531's mouth fell open in an indulgent "o," and he leaned his head back, arching slightly to pump up into Mouse's hands. "Good. Good boy. Just like that."

This wasn't the first time Mouse touched a Rick like this. Many of his visitors requested it, and more, during their sessions. It was a means to a Rick's sexual gratification, Mouse knew, but that was all. Like rubbing ?-531's back, it was simply a chore to be carried out. Whereas before Mouse was quite ignorant about what the act really consisted of, it took on a whole new meaning this time. Thanks to Rick, he now had a greater familiarity with what "yanking it"—if that was how all Ricks referred to it—felt like. He'd been aware that touching a Rick this way was pleasurable, but it was always only a distant notion to him, like he'd been watching something through a frosted pane of glass.

Now he saw with the utmost clarity.

Beneath the soapy water, Mouse could make out his hands disappearing just beneath the great expanse of ?-531's stomach. But if he closed his eyes, he could almost—almost imagine it to be someone else that he was pleasuring. Maybe even his Rick.

It was funny to think of the previous winning Rick as "his," but it seemed to make sense. Of all the Ricks that came to Mouse, he was the only one Mouse actually did not detest. In fact, he'd thought of his Rick with an intense yearning in the hours since their parting. His Rick meant security and a raw desire, the likes of which Mouse had never felt before.

Mouse closed his eyes, blocking out the nauseating image of ?-531 with his lustful moans of praise, and replaced him instead with his Rick. He could now see the lean face, grizzled but with a bewitching smile. While his Rick was physically identical to countless others, he had an unmistakable aura about him that made him stand apart like a piece of polished onyx among hunks of coal. Rick had held a kind of hopeless curiosity when he looked at him, regarding Mouse so keenly that it made Mouse's heart flutter at the thought of it.

In the safety of his mind, Mouse thought about Rick's eyes—those brilliant, probing eyes. They looked at Mouse like he had more than just Epiphanies to offer, like they wanted to see inside him. As Mouse ran his fingers up and down ?-531's cock, he thought of how he'd seen himself reflected in those eyes when Rick had knelt in front of him. He'd seen it again while he was straddled over Rick's hips, gripped thoroughly by the heady sensations as Rick pleasured him.

The sense of touch had nearly completely returned to Mouse's tingling hands, and he squeezed firmly, focused more intently now on the shape and feel of the cock as he'd never been before. Usually, Mouse was disinterested in the thing, registering that aspect of Rick anatomy only insofar as to ensure he gave the proper pleasure that the winning Rick wanted. It was a duty he was obligated to perform, but now he was seeing it for what it could be—a gift.

He imagined the cock in his hand as belonging to his Rick—hard as steel, the foreskin wrapped tight about its substantial girth. Even in the steaming water, ?-531's cock burned hot in his hands, beating like a drum that echoed Mouse's steadily climbing heart rate. He stroked and tugged ?-531 with vigor, imagining the man's salacious utterances and grunts as his Rick's.

The water splashed against their naked bodies as Mouse worked him sumptuously. He tried to bring to memory what Rick had done to him, and he mirrored as best he could the techniques that had undone him so completely. He ran his thumb over the slit at the head in quick circles, twisted his wrist as he brought his hand up the thick length. ?-531 responded zealously beneath Mouse's attentions. Moans dribbled freely from his lips, and he was spreading his legs wider, arching up into Mouse's hands for more.

"O-oh! Oh, yes! Yes, my little one. God, you'll be the death of me!"

Mouse clenched his eyes shut. His master's voice cut through his fantasy, threatening to break his stride. But soon ?-531 was only panting heavily again, and in that moment he could have sounded like any other Rick, really.

To think that Mouse could bring his Rick so much pleasure with so simple a gesture, the concept was intoxicating. It was the closest Mouse had ever felt to control, unwaveringly powerful and yet benevolent at the same time. He would give this gift to his Rick someday. Yes, he would give him just what he had given Mouse.

Lost in his reverie, Mouse took one hand off the cock to slip it back and beneath ?-531's testicles. He barely noticed the man's thighs stiffen as he ran his fingertips over the skin there, just as his Rick had done to him. It was surprisingly soft and a bit hairy, and there was—

Suddenly, ?-531's hand was around Mouse's throat and he was underwater. The shock of the assault stunned him for a moment, and the sudsy water managed to seep into his eyes before he could close them. His hands automatically flew up to grasp at the thick fingers holding tight to his throat, but then his lessons in the tone of Mama Eun-Rick's voice screamed in his head—He is your master, and you are to do whatever he says! Against the instincts that howled at him, Mouse batted down the urge to claw and scratch at his captor, and he went still.

Just as his lungs began to burn with the need for air, ?-531 yanked him back up harshly. Mouse sputtered as the water dripped down his face. Through one squinted eye, he could see ?-531 in all his fury. His cheeks were burning red, his eyes blazing. He was breathing heavily through his nose as he trembled slightly with rage.

"You filthy little whore! Where in the hell did you learn that?!" ?-531 shouted in Mouse's face, his fingers clamping down into his throat by degrees. He shook Mouse roughly as he snarled.

Mouse was too faint from the lack of oxygen to conjure up a suitable response. He could only open and close his mouth like a landed fish. Even the effort to keep his eyes open was too much.

"I asked you a question, you stupid thing!"

"Master... P-please, I can't..." The words were whisper-thin and cracked as Mouse struggled to get them out. He'd looped his hands around ?-531's wrists and tried to pry them off, but they wouldn't budge. The blood was beginning to pound in his ears as the pressure built.

"It was a Rick, wasn't it?" ?-531 spat, answering his own question when the Epiphany propelled his reasoning forward. "After all, the Eun-Ricks have no business telling you how to pleasure a real Rick, those dick-less hens." He eased his grip off of Mouse's throat by a millimeter, just enough to let in life-giving air to Mouse's aching lungs. "Tell me. Who taught you such a perverse little trick?"

"He... He just showed me. He showed me...h-how it c-could feel...good." Mouse croaked, his years of conditioning compelling him to confess no matter how strongly a voice inside him told him not to give away his Rick. "For...me."

?-531's eyes widened and his face contorted as though Mouse were a dog that had suddenly started speaking. Then the squall of emotions dripped away until ?-531 was looking at him deadpanned, his eyes narrowing to slits.

"Did you enjoy your time with this Rick?"

His answer was barely a whisper. "Y-yes..."

"So. My little one has a crush on a Rick."

In the next instant, Mouse was back underwater, this time ?-531's grip in his hair, holding him fast. Mouse put his hands out for leverage, feeling the hairy thighs on either side of him. Through the curtain of bubbles, he could make out ?-531's cock in front of his face. It was still stiff and a muddy purple with the need for release. ?-531's other hand slipped around his own stout shaft and began to pump.

Mouse jerked back. The roar of the jets was louder than ever, pervasive and all-consuming around him. They beat rhythmically in Mouse's ears, smothering his senses until he was numb and disoriented. Or was it the hammering of his own floundering heart in his head? Mouse couldn't tell anymore. He coughed out the last shallow reserve of air he had left in his lungs, and began to thrash, rocking the water about in waves that beat against the sides of the tub. He kicked futilely at the floor, the walls. ?-531's grip on him, however, was unrelenting, suffocating him as he pleasured himself with languid strokes. He was holding him close enough that Mouse's cheek was pressed to his cock, until his lips were crushed up against it even as he tried to wrench his head away.

His lungs screamed for air. They felt like they were being torn inside out. His throat constricted involuntarily, clamoring for Mouse to open his mouth and take in something, anything, even if only water. He's really going to drown me! Mouse panicked. Flashes of red and white burst before his eyes as they flew open against his will. His chest burned. His diaphragm spasmed. His limbs flailed in uncoordinated jerks. And the roaring kept getting louder and louder.

Then ?-531 was cumming, thick streams of ejaculate unspooling from the tip in front of Mouse's face, before being whisked away by the eddying water.

Mouse barely registered that he'd even resurfaced until his lungs kicked in, and he was gulping in great mouthfuls of air so fast that it made him reel. He just lay collapsed on the soft surface beneath his cheek, chest heaving, and the deafening roar still ringing in his ears. With time, it faded, and eventually he could hear ?-531 speaking just above him.

"Yes. Send one in." There was the click of the receiver.

A hand was stroking down his hair and back, and slowly Mouse realized that he was wedged between ?-531's fleshy arm and bosom. The "pillow" under him was ?-531's hairy chest, rising and falling with each breath. The pool's jets must have been turned off some time ago, because the warm water now lapped gently at Mouse, lulling him into a dreamlike haze.

Within a minute, there was the distant sound of the door opening and the slapping of bare feet across the floor. Mouse tried willing his eyes to open, but the message got lost along the way. And, besides, he was too exhausted to really care who the visitor was. A Eun-Rick, most likely. No one else was allowed in besides the winning Rick and Mama's team of Eun-Ricks.

"Yes, Master Rick. How can we b-be of service?"

"Get me through to the Council."

"R-right away, master." There was a short shuffling of cloth, then Mouse felt ?-531 lean forward to take something from the Eun-Rick. Mouse couldn't stop the small groan that escaped him when the man settled back into place. The meaty fingers on his shoulder squeezed ever so slightly in response.

"Well? What are you waiting for, Eun-Rick? I didn't ask for an audience."

"Y-yes, master. Of course, master. A thousand pardons," the voice trembled. Then the Eun-Rick was gone, and ?-531 slipped back on his illusory guise as the gentle ruler again.

"Yes. Riq will be very interested to hear about this." ?-531's tone was soft as he continued to himself, his hand never once stopping its rhythmic stroking down Mouse's back. In his other hand, the trill of a call going through sang in the air. "After all, you're our sweet, little boy, and we have a duty to keep you safe. Safe from him."

Sleep was pulling Mouse down, the dark webbing of fatigue knitting over his mind and obscuring his ability to piece together what his master was saying. If he could rest, then he'd be able to understand. If he could just rest, he thought weakly.

"By the time Riq's finished with him, you'll never see that fiendish X-Rick again."

From behind the curtain of sleep that was settling over Mouse, a small voice rallied out in protest from within: no! His eyelids trembled with the force of that denial, but still they wouldn't open, and then consciousness was slipping away and away like the tears that trickled down his face.

...

The warm spray of water beat down on Rick's head, soaking his hair until it hung in heavy clumps over the crests of his cheeks. He leaned forward to let the water cascade down his neck and back, grateful for the respite a shower granted after what had to be the longest day of his life. Weariness and shot nerves sloughed off him like a chameleon's second skin to swirl down the drain along with the crimson-tinted soap suds and grime.

His skin itched where the last of his injuries were nearly finished healing, and he ran his hand idly over the semi-transparent strips that dotted his body. They released artificial biopolymers to bond with his own cells, and over the course of a single night had managed to fill out torn muscle and flesh, and knit together fractured bone.

Satisfied that his ribs were finally mended, he gingerly picked at the strip on his side until it peeled away. He swatted his hand when the strip clung stubbornly to his fingers, ultimately smearing it hastily against the red marble wall of the shower stall. He took a moment to examine his side. Only a faint cloudburst of yellow bruising remained, and the slight variation in the skin's surface made it known that the rib hadn't set quite right.

There's another one for the books, Rick thought wryly.

The imperfection blended seamlessly with the palimpsest of other scars and puckered flesh that riddled his rail-thin frame, each one serving as a memento of one skirmish or another from his disreputable past. Booze and his big mouth had been the artists behind many of the wounds, but it was the last ten years in prison that had filled out the majority of the canvas. Rusty shanks had left a sloppy trail of kisses down his right thigh and arm, and the gnarled spiderweb from a disgruntled warden's taser still etched itself into one shoulder blade.

Rick's life story written in bullet holes and phaser burns.

Appreciating the slick of the water, warm and wet on his sensitive skin, he glided a hand across the taut plane of his torso. Gooseflesh prickled over his chest, and one nipple pebbled beneath his thumb when he grazed it. The effects of the healing strips left his body thrumming with a fresh vigor, sharp and impatient.

Adrenaline buzzed at the periphery of his nerves, leftover from his rattling encounter with the Council. But there was also an implacable desire coiled in his core, taking the form of long brown hair, parted lips, and luminous eyes.

A ripple of arousal sped down the center of his stomach to his groin, finding its home at the base of Rick's cock.

He gave an involuntary groan.

Bracing one forearm against the wall beneath the shower head, he trailed his other hand down to curl around his erection. The stiff rod of flesh pulsed to the beat of his unfurling arousal, and as he stroked it in a tight fist, his world fell away until there was nothing but what his body had reflexively been seeking out.

Mouse.

He imagined the kid just as he'd been on the bed in the winner's suite—all desperate need and too-eager touches. Mouse had been a tightly wound spring in Rick's hands, and a satisfied grin touched his lips as he thought of how he'd begun to unravel Mouse with just the slightest caresses along his thighs. If it weren't for the untimely interruption by the Captain of the Guard, Rick would've enjoyed undoing him, layer by tantalizing layer.

When they'd first been left alone in the room, Rick and Mouse had circled each other like caged tigers, skittish and wary, neither willing to make the first move until they knew it was safe to proceed.

So much fucking time wasted, Rick cursed.

Mouse's reasons were obvious enough. To him, Rick must've appeared no different than the rest of the auction winners—just another Elite Rick driven by money and glory, come to reap the rewards of his loyalty to the Council. Of course, at Mouse's expense.

Rick, for his part, however, had been just as afraid. He'd come to the Citadel with little more than a hastily improvised plan, one that hinged on rumors and blind luck. If the Council managed to do one thing right, it was keeping a tight lid on The One. This meant that only far-fetched stories made their way around the general populace, and even those were often slurred by alcohol.

Most rumors even failed to mention that The One was, in fact, a Morty. Up until he'd laid eyes on Mouse, Rick was half-convinced that The One was actually the name of some hot, new drug. The way the Elite talked about it—the incomparable high, the rush of an Epiphany, the addiction—it made perfect sense.

Now that he'd experienced it himself, Rick realized that maybe the term "drug" fit, after all.

The intoxicating effect Mouse had on him was potent and thorough, going beyond just a physical high. While his heart raced and his breath came quickly, Rick had also felt a fundamental shift in his feelings for the mysterious boy. Rick had come to the auction with one goal in mind, but the moment he and Mouse first met, his vendetta had been quickly supplanted by a different, nobler desire.

Initially, his advances had been motivated purely by a need to get an in with the kid: Figure him out, see what he could do, and use him to put a chink in the council's armor. But in the end, he wound up with far more than he'd bargained for, and it was now painfully obvious that he couldn't simply leave Mouse to suffer in the Citadel.

He no longer wanted to use Mouse. He wanted to save him.

The intensity of his own feelings for Mouse was startling. For his entire life, the scope of his concern for others was only relative to their utility to him. But with Mouse, Rick felt as though he were on the other side of the equation. Like coming across an unfinished story, he wanted to read through to Mouse's ending, and he was more concerned with how he could take Mouse there, rather than take him for his own selfish agenda.

Rick had seen some of the most amazing phenomena that the cosmos had to offer, and yet what he saw in Mouse stirred sensations in Rick that were exhilarating and stimulating.

And incredibly arousing.

"Fffuck..." Rick hissed, squeezing along his aching shaft. Images of Mouse flooded his mind, his basest fantasies taking shape: Mouse on his knees like a worshipper at his temple. Mouse's small hands braced against Rick's stomach as he rode him. Mouse, collapsed and sweaty on the sheets, his bedroom eyes eclipsed with unwavering adoration.

That was exactly how he wanted Mouse—open and vulnerable to him. Baring everything, hiding nothing. Not even his thoughts.

Keep going.

Mouse's simple request, brought to clarity through the Resonance, had tipped the scales and spurred Rick into action. The Resonance was more than just the sound of a voice in his head. When it'd flitted through his mind, it had brushed against him with a silky touch, leaving his senses tingling with Mouse's essence. He'd been given a glimpse into Mouse's purest thoughts and emotions. Unfiltered, unguarded, unfettered.

There was no reservation in Mouse's desires, no second guesses or ambiguity.

Rick's heart stumbled under the weight of knowing with such absoluteness how Mouse felt toward him. To know—not guess at or hope for as he always did after another unsatisfying fuck—but to know that someone wanted him so completely. It was nothing short of incredible, and he wanted more of it.

He rested his head against his arm as he pumped his shaft in a stranglehold, wishing his fist were instead Mouse's hot, wet hole. Practically growling, he smothered a string of curses along with Mouse's name against the back of his wrist.

"God, Mouse, what I—what I wouldn't do to youuu." The promise came out between gritted teeth into a scar on his knuckle.

The water pummeling his nape and back felt like small fingers scrambling desperately at him, wanting to pull him closer. The wet pressure on his cock sent bursts of pleasure rushing across his abdomen. He bucked his hips into his fist, feeling the first telling spark in the pit of his stomach. Rick's breath came out in short puffs, muffled against his fist, relishing the familiar tightening of his balls, the spasming of muscles, his thighs and abs clenching almost painfully.

He imagined fucking up into Mouse with the same unrelenting pace at which he stroked himself. He wanted Mouse's legs around him, wanted to hear the boy's warbled moans loose themselves from a mouth slack open with pleasure. He wanted to hear Mouse beg for him, pine for him, both inside and out. He wanted to open Mouse up and lick his brain.

Suddenly, Rick's body went taut, his hips straining forward.

Air caught in his throat as the first wave of orgasm hit, enveloping him from head to toe. Like a riptide, it tore through him, long and deep and unyielding, dragging out a guttural moan from Rick that sounded more animal than human. Hot ropes of cum pulsed from his dick in time with his pounding heart, ticking off the spikes of pleasure that ebbed and swelled inside him. His hand stuttered in its track down his shaft, the nerves along his limbs short-circuiting from the overload of sensation.

By the time the orgasm released its hold on him, cum coated his hand and oozed down the once clean marble wall in thick globs.

Rick was left breathless and near-dizzy from the mix of pleasure and heat. He felt high and loose in the best way. His throaty huffs echoed in the spacious shower stall, but he felt no compulsion to stifle them.

Let them hear, he thought, weakly curling the fingers of his free hand to flip the bird at the Citadel cameras, wherever they were hidden. Fucking perverts.

After another post-shower wash, he quickly dried off before throwing the towel over one shoulder. Carding a hand through his damp hair, he stepped out of the shower and into the bedroom. He'd slept like the dead the moment he arrived in his new personal suite—complements of the Council—and the first thing he'd done upon waking was stumble half-conscious into the bathroom to wash away the fatigue from the prior day.

Now that he was fully awake and had just enjoyed the best wank in months, he could properly appreciate his accommodations.

While the rest of the Citadel was cast in hypermodern planes, the private room had an unexpected flare of rococo to it. Gold-leafed flora curled at the edges of the furniture like burnt paper, and intricate paisley patterned the walls.

True to their word, the Council had prepared his suite with everything a high roller could need. Fine linens covered the stately bed, and even with Rick's height, he found that the mattress and comforter came up to his hip. One entire wall was filled with a massive library of vinyl records, the sleek turntable nestled snuggly on one shelf, while a well-stocked bar hugged the other side of the room. The rows of neat glasses winked seductively at him.

Rick's toes sank into the plush carpeting as he made his way to the sprawling desk against the suite's far wall, and he ran two fingers across its red wooden surface. The desk had been thoughtfully outfitted with a modest tool set and a collection of circuitry components—perfect for any Rick's tinkering project.

Check, check, check. Rick ticked off the parts he'd need with a cursory glance before resting his eyes on the black card that lay alone on the desk. It encompassed all of Rick's worldly possessions, the rest having been confiscated by the Guards in the name of security; or, in the case of his jumpsuit, carted off to laundry in the name of hygiene.

The innocuous little card had been the keystone to his plan. Without it, he wouldn't have been able to conceal his prison record with the Galactic Federation or gain access into the Elite's special auction, and for that, he owed an old friend a lot. He tapped a finger on the card's reflective surface and thought how he would check in with his insider for an update. It'd be good to see a familiar face at the Citadel—and by that, he didn't mean every other look-alike Rick.

But that would have to wait until later.

Rick glided over to the bar. The air brushed against his bare skin, drawing the hairs on his nape to attention as he mixed himself a Vesper. The way he leaned against the bar, naked and with a drink in one hand, he looked for all the world like the epitome of relaxed indifference, if not for the imperceptible line of sweat at his brow.

He lifted the glass to his mouth, took a small sip, lowered it, looked nonchalantly around the room, then repeated the motion, slow and deliberate.

Ready, Ricky-boy? 'Cuz this is gonna hurt like hell. Just mind the toddy.

Tipping the drink to his lips one more time, he lifted his index finger from the glass and tapped it against his right temple in a code.

He'd reward himself with a proper drink after this was over.

No sooner had a high-pitched whirring started up beneath his finger when a shot of pain lanced through the muscles around his right eye. It felt like the electromagnetic pulse had stabbed him right through the sphenoid bone and pierced his brain.

Rick gritted his teeth, swallowing back the most vicious curses he knew, but holy fuck did he hate having to do that. Once the mind-numbing ache had subsided and his vision returned, he pushed off from the bar and stumbled back to the desk, drink sloshing from his glass and staining the C10,000 carpet under his feet.

The micro-EMP had earned him fifteen uninterrupted minutes, and he was going to make every minute count. Assuming that whoever manned the surveillance system was as obtuse as his employers, he wouldn't notice the video feed from Rick's suite had been locked into a loop; for all intents and purposes, it'd look like Rick was just enjoying a long, leisurely drink at the bar.

Right now, he needed to survey the damage to his synthoptic and fix the damn thing, and he really didn't need the Council or anyone else spying in on him while he worked.

Rick slammed the glass down on the desk, sparing a moment to center himself as he glared into the now functionless mirror mounted on the wall behind it. If there was one thing that irked him about the room, it was that there were too many goddamn mirrors. It was almost disappointing how predictable the Council could be. Really? Installing cameras behind the mirrors? Could they get any more cliché?

Taking a deep breath, he wedged his fingers around his right eye and pulled the orb from its socket.

A thin string of ocular lubricant dripped down his fingers as he disconnected the optic nerve cable before placing the prosthetic on the desk with a small clack. Rick suppressed a shiver as the familiar cool worked its way into his now barren right cavity, and he pressed the palm of his hand to it as he looked down at the device.

Behind the artificial front of white sclera and painted blue iris, the rest of the synthoptic was composed of tightly packed hardware and circuitry in phosphor bronze. Tiny gears rotated like the inner workings of a fine watch, and a ring of lights blinked lazily in green and red, denoting which functions of the synthoptic were in what working order.

The LED light for video was blinking an angry red, and Rick really did curse aloud as he saw the sizable dent in the side of the orb. The gears around the misshapen surface stuttered and clicked against one another in discord. Sitting down with a weary sigh, Rick grabbed a micro-precision screwdriver from the set and began the delicate process of taking apart the synthoptic to reach the data chip stored inside.

Setting the tiny chip onto the center of the workspace, he sat back and delivered the first command in a flat voice.

"Run external HUD."

A spray of red lights fanned out from the chip, projecting a boot-up screen onto the mirror's surface in front of him. Lines of code quickly raced down the display, flooding it red, before stopping at a pair of flashing chevron and a short message at the bottom:

HELLO RICK

"GooAUGHd to see you, ORA."

If the operating system was up and running, then he wasn't completely up shit creek. Not yet, at least. He took a breath, knowing that his relief might be short-lived.

"Run diagnostics."

More lines of code appeared alongside a progress bar.

PRODUCT: OPTIC RECORDING APPARATUS

TESTING: OS 99% PASSED

TESTING: INTRANET 98% PASSED

TESTING: UMBILICUS 92% PASSED

TESTING: A/V CHANNEL I 13% FAIL

TESTING: A/V CHANNEL II 5% FAIL

TESTING: A/V CHANNEL III 51% CRITICAL

RUN REPAIR?

"Don't worry, babe. I'm on it." Rick had already loosened three of the tiny screws that held the synthoptic's chassis in place. He hadn't had to repair ORA since that prison riot back in 'Z33, but luckily he found his memory hadn't completely deserted him.

"All righty, then. Display video files, time codes 1007_1800 through..." Rick harrumphed and checked the clock on the wall behind him through the mirror's reflection, his fingers tapping out the minutes and hours. How many could he get through in less than fifteen minutes? "Uh, let's say 1008_0195."

Four rows of miniature video thumbnails spanned the mirror, a tiny circled X in each panel's grayed out center.

"Like finding a needle in a goddamn haystack," Rick muttered under his breath. He worked delicately at the hardware, trying to smooth out the dented surface before giving the command. "Play 1007_2000."

The red line of text scrolled out:

ERROR

"Play 1007_2032."

ERROR

"Shit." He scrubbed a hand over his chin. "Play 1007_2056."

One of the icons blew up to fill the screen. It showed the serene darkness of space through a dirty windshield before sputtering to a halt.

"Play 1007_2109."

Rick of C-165 was peering into the camera, that shit-eating grin still plastered to his face as he opened his mouth to say something. Then the video shattered into pixels and crashed. The next string of videos fared only slightly better until he'd reached the end of the first row.

"Play 1007_2120."

Rick watched as a sea of Ricks filled the display, the camera jostling each time they reached forward to smack Rick on the back. Their mouths were flapping, forming words, but the video ran mute. Audio's shot. The image would intermittently blink black before taking focus again. The camera swiveled to show the interior of Façade with the Morty Auction stage in its center. Auctioneer Rick was staring dumbly at his gavel while Mouse stood quietly at his side.

"Pause playback!" Rick cried, leaning forward eagerly.

The video jerked to a stop, the wild cheering from the crowd frozen in place. A stray arm stuck out from the pack of Ricks, just barely obscuring his view of the stage. At this distance, Mouse's features were hazy at best, but Rick still took a moment to soak in the sight.

It was hard to imagine that Mouse had ever been anything less than what he was now to Rick: fascination, intrigue, and an unequivocal attraction. Hardly a minute went by that he didn't think about Mouse, and at the deepest levels of his consciousness, he recognized that he bore an insistent desire to be with Mouse again. It sat with a dull ache just south of his heart.

Even though the Resonance had allowed him to feel closer to the boy than he had ever felt to anyone, he still had more questions than answers about Mouse.

"Apply thermal filter."

A rainbow of color lay itself over the image, transforming the figures into muddled splotches of blues, yellows, and reds. As expected, the Ricks burned the brightest in orange and red, while Mouse glowed a cooler purple. A pretty effect, but it revealed nothing of interest.

While he continued to mend the damage to his synthoptic, Rick ran through the rest of the available filters on the A Range. It consisted of the usual variety on the light spectrum—ultraviolet, gamma, infrared.

Next came the B Range. Its filters were only known by a handful of the top quantum physic-Ricks in the multiverse. Each showed fascinating, albeit inconclusive, results, with the one constant being that Mouse's form always appeared in stark contrast to the Ricks'. Where the Ricks burned bright on an Illustris filter, Mouse faded like a dying candle; if the Ricks glowed a muted tone through the SDSS filter, Mouse would light up the room.

There were too many variables to account for the difference, though. Kinetic levels, brainwaves, age. He shook his head at the thought. And, as always, dimensional origin likely played a contributing factor.

By the time he reached the C Range, time was ticking away too fast for comfort, and Rick still had a few more components to replace before the synthoptic was up and running again. He almost considered passing over the two remaining filters entirely.

They were something that Rick had fashioned for his synthoptic purely at the urging of one of his more radical colleagues, rather than out of genuine interest. He'd be hard-pressed to admit they had any real scientific bearing, but, all the same, he was keen to get his hands on whatever data about Mouse that he could.

"Apply Kirlian filter."

Now the auction scene was painted a deep cobalt blue. A fringe of electric white outlined the Ricks in the foreground, glowing stronger where any two Ricks made contact to form a brilliant starburst of light. Nothing surprising there. The energy output reflected that of a typical crowd of rowdy Ricks. Beyond them, however, the stage was awash in light. Rick could hardly make out Auctioneer Rick's flimsy outline next to the voluminous mass of white where Mouse had stood.

"Well, look at you, you little firecracker." Rick couldn't keep the grin out of his voice as he leaned back to admire the glowing star that had once been Mouse. Mouse's energy swallowed up half the room much in the same way that Mouse himself had swallowed up Rick so completely. It was stunning.

Now there was one final filter to try.

"Apply...entropic filter."

The dazzling starscape was promptly replaced by a monochromatic image. At first glance, the scene was almost unrecognizable. Against a barren backdrop, the figures from the auction were now merely suggestions of their former selves, clusters of dark spots that formed a vague topographical map of entropy.

The concept of measuring entropy levels was tenuous at best, and it had taken Rick months of trial and error to get the synthoptic to even recognize the mathematical formulas that comprised its base. Getting the filter to display in a way that made sense to the viewer had been harder still, but if what he saw on the mirror now was any indication, then his hard work may have paid off, after all.

Ricks were creatures of chaos by nature, so it was no surprise that the entire bottom half of the image was a curtain of varying gray. The more concentrated masses of dots indicated the presence of a particularly disruptive Rick—likely one with a penchant for criminal activity or dastardly inventions. But, again, it was Mouse's image that made Rick's breath catch in his throat and the tools falter in his hands.

A solid black oval hovered in Mouse's place, the dots so tightly packed together that they created a razor-sharp outline that cut against the stark white background. Rick found himself gazing deeper and deeper into that black hole, as though he could somehow find Mouse hidden inside it. The hairs on his arms and neck stood on end as an inexorable sense of dread crept down his spine.

What he was looking at couldn't be explained. A being couldn't be composed of such a high degree of entropy. If the filter was right, then Mouse was a walking neutrino bomb, capable of vaporizing all consciousness if detonated.

For the first time, Rick thought of Mouse with something that bordered on fear.

Tick, tock, Ricky-boy. Tick, tock.

With a start, he pulled himself away from the mirror's surface, finding that he was breathing hard. As he sat there, catching his breath, he noticed with grim irony that his own reflection appeared within the dark pit of entropy.

"Close video. L-l-let's see what else we got." He scrolled down to the bottom of the list as he fit another gear back into place. Given the sparse selection of files to choose from, it was evident the recording function had been knocked out completely following his run-in with the short-tempered Guard. Not looking forward to reliving anything from that episode, Rick hopped back a few files and prayed this one would work.

"Play, uuuh, 1008_0133."

This time, the video showed he was inside the winner's suite, and Mouse was seated right in his lap.

Rick could make out every individual eyelash that fluttered against Mouse's cheeks as he panted, his small shoulders rising and falling. He was pink cheeked and quaking, his hair hanging free of its braid, his delicate forehead creased in concentration. The look Mouse gave the camera as he mouthed Rick's name was—

A shot of arousal zipped down to Rick's cock, and he thanked god that at least the audio wasn't working. If he had to listen to Mouse say his name like that again, he didn't know if he'd be able to control himself. He looked away quickly. The sudden shift from fear to acute lust was making him dizzy.

Before he could give the command to pause, he glanced back to find that the video had hit a snag and was now skipping, replaying the same second of recording. At that exact moment, Mouse had been poised at the very edge of orgasm, and he was now stuck in an endless loop of bucking and heaving that made him appear like he was riding Rick, up and down, up and down.

"E-exit HUD! Exit! Shut down! EnouURGHgh!"

The video disappeared back into its thumbnail, followed quickly by the HUD flickering off, and Rick was soon left staring at his own fiercely blushing cheeks and panting mouth in the mirror.

What the hell? One second, I'm scared shitless. The next, I'm ready to bust a load.

He looked down at the synthoptic, now whole once more, and shakily inserted the chip back into place. Another quick glance at the clock told him he had just under a minute before the surveillance system would be back online, so he clumsily snapped the synthoptic into his socket and teetered back to the bar with his glass.

As he settled back into his position against the counter, he ground his palm against the base of his cock, willing his erection to wane.

30 seconds.

"C'mon, Mouse, cut me a break here," he mumbled. Apparently, a Rick's genius wasn't the only thing Mouse could kick into sixth gear.

Under any other circumstances, Rick wouldn't mind pumping the keg again, but he had a rendezvous with his insider who didn't like to be kept waiting.

Besides, he didn't feel like giving the cameras another show. He wasn't feeling that generous.

...

"If I gotta listen to another dumbass Rick pissing contest, slap mah fro, I'm gonna bust a cap up in some sorry motha fucka!"

The doors burst open beneath Ricktiminus's hot-tempered kick, slamming against the walls with a loud crash that made the crystal chandeliers above sway. Several of the Guards posted along the corridor immediately straightened now that they were in the presence of the Citadel's leaders, repositioning their rifles where they'd slipped from their shoulders.

Ricktiminus stormed down the hall that connected the Council Chamber to their private quarters with the rest of the Council following close behind. Every Rick was in just as much of a foul mood after a long day in the Council Chamber, but fatigue dampened their irritability to a steady simmer. Rick Prime rolled his head from side to side as he stretched out the kinks in his neck, while Zeta Alpha massaged a knot in one shoulder.

"Dawg, ah'm straight sick o' dealin' wif deez winos all day, you fill me? Crackas can' handle deyz colt 45 and git all fucked up til dey stuck like chuck. Peep this shit, we's needs some prohibition shit up in here. Shee-it dayum."

Zeta Alpha blanched at the thought. "Ban alcohol? In the Citadel? Have you lost your marbles? It'll be a cold day in Hell when we open that can of worms. Like we don't already have our hands full keeping the Guards on the bandwagon." He turned to give an apologetic smile to a Guard he passed before rolling his eyes. "How'd that slogan go again, Prime? Abstinence Prevents Accidents?"

"The original motto had a bit more bravado. Abstinence Prevents Accidents and in Some Instances Quells Flatulence," Rick Prime offered cheerfully then pouted. "Sad to say, the editor threw it away."

Quantum Rick berated Ricktiminus sharply in his cryptic, burping way, swatting him upside the head. While Ricktiminus rubbed at the sore spot, Maximums Rickimus sniffed impertinently.

"If I may so humbly interject, the day's agenda proffered even greater arduous undertakings than plebeian scuffles between inebriates. Nothing could be more pedestrian than reassigning dispossessed Mortys to previously unattended Ricks." He pulled a handkerchief from his wrist and dabbed fastidiously at his brow.

"Bleeargh-aarhk-rraagh?"

"Oh, don't even remiURGHnd me."

"That X-Rick was a breath of fresh air by comparison. What a world of difference." Zeta Alpha looked over his shoulder to the leader of the Council who was taking up the rear of the pack. "What's the matter, Riq? Cat got your tongue?"

"Hm?" Riq grunted, lost in the mire of his own thoughts. "Yes. World of difference. Right." He had been ignoring most of his comrades' nattering, but when the subject of the X-Rick came up, he found himself unable to tune it out.

They'd reached the end of the corridor where a line of six Attendant Mortys met them with bowed heads. Rick Prime slipped off his gloves and placed them on a silver tray held by the Attendant in front of him.

"He seemed like a nice fellow, though perhaps a touch too mellow," Prime quipped, moving to unhinge the clasp that held his collar in place. "Must've had a lot of luck to have slipped through our...lottery." He huffed, glowering at his own botched rhyme. "Fuck." He was only marginally comforted when Quantum patted him on the shoulder with a rumbling burp of support.

To either side of him, his council-mates were piling their surcoats onto their Attendant's tray, clearly thankful to be free of the stifling material. With every piece of official garb they shed, their moods brightened visibly. There was a certain eagerness in their movements, like they were itching to be done with this trivial step and move onto something far more appetizing.

"Now that we're here, my brothers, there's no need for the long faces." Zeta Alpha rubbed his hands together as he stood before the grand entrance to their quarters. He gave a nod to his council-mates who were gathered impatiently around him. Even Riq looked ready to dart inside the minute the doors opened. "A little R&R is just what the doctor ordered."

With a firm push, the doors swung open on silent hinges into a spacious seraglio. Pockets of light glowed dimly from the wall sconces and ringed chandeliers overhead, warming the swaths of hanging red and gold fabric. Amaranthine carpeting covered the floor, and overstuffed pillows and throw blankets crowded the circular pits that spotted the room.

And everywhere, everywhere, there were Mortys.

Mortys in varying degrees of undress were strewn across the pillows, chatting idly with one another in their adorable stuttering voices, or sitting at the edge of the shallow pool in the room's center, their fingers dancing lazily across the water's surface. In one of the cushioned odas, an orgy of Mortys writhed and moaned as spectators watched hungrily from the rim.

The entire space smelled of incense and heat and sex, and the blend hit the Council like an aphrodisiatic cloud as they entered, the stressors of the day melting away with each inhale.

"Home, sweet home."

No sooner had they stepped inside than the Mortys gave little squeals of delight when they noticed that their masters had arrived. They rushed to them, the decorative gold chains around their waists and ankles tinkling like a choir of songbirds. "Master! Oh, Master!" they cried out, placing their hands on their respective council member with unadulterated worship.

Zeta Alpha kneeled to greet his welcoming party of No Eye Mortys who touched him eagerly about the face, mapping out his expression and planting chaste kisses on his cheeks and neck, wherever they could reach. He chuckled when they accidentally knocked his wig off and began to peck kisses on his bald head.

"Where mah bitches at, yo?" Ricktiminus spread his arms as wide as his smile, beckoning his own Mortys to him. A herd of Rabbit Mortys tackled him to wriggle their noses against his in a sign of welcome home, their tails twitching happily, while a blushing Unicorn Chaser Morty waited nearby, a Mini Morty seated comfortably in the crook of his arm. Ricktiminus nuzzled his face into the soft Rabbit Mortys' fur, his usually stinging street slang deteriorating into senseless baby talk. "Aaaw, did mah shawtys miss dey daddy-waddy?"

"No, no, no! That's not where you go!" Rick Prime could be heard above the tittering crowd as he scolded his own Mortys of choice. With a perturbed chuff, he dragged Spoon Morty away from his utensil-wielding brothers to stand properly by a Moon Morty. Next to him, a Mascot Morty jabbed an elbow into Robot Morty's side and rolled his eyes. Once they were neatly in place, Rick Prime nodded approvingly and patted them each on the head before scooping them up in a strong embrace.

A stutter of Super Rick Fan Mortys bustled around Maximums Rickimus, competing to be the first to touch him. They fan-boy'ed over him, chattering ceaselessly about how cool, how wonderful, how fantastic Maximums was, as if he were the only Rick they'd ever known. Maximums glowed under their excessive adulations, holding himself a little straighter as they fawned over him.

"T-tell us another story! Please, Rickimus! W-w-we want to hear all about—oh, tell us what happened after your fight with the Pramhams!" they begged, beginning to tug and pull Maximums to one of the unoccupied odas.

"Patience, my dears. Patience," Maximums purred. He'd barely stumbled into one of the massive cushions before the Mortys were climbing onto his lap and stroking at his chest and hair, unable to get enough of him. And Maximums was soaking it all in like a thirsty man at a fountain, settling even deeper into the cushions as they began to undress him.

Already being corralled off to his own oda by the No Eye Mortys, Zeta Alpha said over his shoulder, "Duty still calls, Brothers! Anyone feeling game this evening?" He shook a hand free from the clinging grasp of one of the No Eyes to indicate a nearby wall where a square dartboard hung. Its face was a grid of numbers that scrolled lazily up and down or side to side, like a constantly shifting Rubik's cube.

"Quantum's not busy. For him, it should be easy," Rick Prime suggested. He plucked a glass of wine from a passing Attendant Morty before stepping down into one of the odas where he'd spend the night playing word games with his motley crew of Mortys. As the curtain was drawn closed around them, he addressed his Mortys, "Now, who knows a word that rhymes with duck..."

Ricktiminus's team of adorable Mortys wasn't even concerned with finding privacy before they began to paw impatiently at his slacks and slide their small hands beneath his waistband. "'Bout time ah got me some cuddy. Mm-hm." His voice had turned gravelly as he lifted his arms to make it easier for them to slip off his clothes.

Only two of the council members, Quantum and Riq, remained untethered near the dartboard where a stoic Attendant bearing a tray of darts stood at attention. Riq was busy throwing back drink after drink as quickly as the other Attendants could refill his glass. Quantum had long since given up on associating with the Mortys. They'd never managed to pick up on the subtler nuances of his belching dialect, and he was now more comfortable with unwinding in the confines of his personal chambers in solitude.

Riq wiped the booze from his lips as he grumbled, "Make it two this time, Quantum. That oughtta make them—shut the GF up for a while." He slapped a hand on Quantum's shoulder before stumbling off into the seraglio.

With a sigh, Quantum plucked six darts from the Attendant's outstretched tray and, with no particular technique, thrust them one after another at the moving board. They stabbed into the numbers with a satisfying thunk.

8...0...3.

7...4...7.

The Attendant hurriedly entered the numbers into his digital notepad, gave a curt bow to Quantum, and scampered to Riq's side. He waved the notepad over his head, trying to catch Riq's attention.

"Sir, I still need your sign-off before I can deliver this to PR."

At least, that's what he would've said if he could speak, but instead he only managed a series of small, aspirated whines. Without so much as a sideways glance at the mute Attendant, Riq shoved him away effortlessly, sending him sprawling onto the floor. A few curious Mortys crawled over to the downed Attendant to investigate.

"D-don't bother me, kid. I'm not in the mood." Riq's attention was already elsewhere, surveying the nearest pleasure pit and the assortment of Mortys still locked in an all-out orgy within. His eyes lingered over a Mullet Morty watching dreamily from the sidelines, a lock of hair twirled around his finger, then to a Hippie Morty who was busy pleasuring two Punk Mortys at the same time. A Biker Morty was in the middle of the writhing mass, his long chestnut hair streaming over his shoulders as he rode a Turbulent Juice Morty to completion. When he lolled his head back, giving Riq an unobstructed view of his smooth chin and neck, Riq made up his mind.

"You. Come with me." Riq grabbed Biker Morty's wrist and dragged him clean off his partner. None of the other Mortys seemed to pay it any mind, a Business Morty taking his own turn for a ride while a Sexy Devil Morty and Big Tongue Morty slobbered hungrily at his cock.

"W-what the fuck, old man?" Biker Morty cussed, tugging futilely against Riq's grasp as he was led forcefully to the back of the seraglio. They passed curtained off odas where wet sounds and baritone moans left little to the imagination of what was preoccupying the other council members. The musk of sex was everywhere, seeping into Riq's sinuses and blanketing his brain in a hazy lust that made his head pound mercilessly.

Now he was annoyed and horny as hell.

"I still coulda got m-my dick sucked!"

Ignoring Biker Morty's tantrum, Riq called over his shoulder to the Attendant Morty who was now pinned to the floor by a threesome of Mortys donning nothing but gauzy loincloths. "See to it that no one comes into my room tonight. No one. Understood?"

With that, Riq swept into his personal bedroom, his night's entertainment in tow, and slammed the doors shut behind him.

The Attendant only keened weakly in reply, his eyes pricking with tears as the Mortys ran their fingers over his face and groin and the jagged scar across his throat.

...

Riq IV was considered a true Rick among Ricks.

He could match wits and trade blows with the best of them. He was ruthless. He was cunning. And Riq's particular breed of ambition made him a very gifted politician and military strategist. He rose quickly through the ranks of the Citadel, and within just a few months of his first term in office, he'd led consecutive victories against the Galactic Federation that won Ricks access to hundreds of new galaxies, ripe for the pillaging. The defeat of GF forces at Omega Centauri was what finally tenured his position on the Council.

By then, Ricks stopped asking what ever happened to Riq I, II, and III.

The fledgling Citadel of Ricks only assumed its role as the central government and sanctuary for Ricks across the multiverses under Riq's guiding hand during those early years—years marked by unparalleled progress. The practice of interdimensional travel became a widespread and reliable means of transport, and Ricks were harvesting the treasures of the galaxies for their latest inventions in abundance. They had entered what historians would refer to as the Golden Age of Rick.

But for Riq, it wasn't enough.

Ricks had more Plutonic Rock than they could use in a lifetime, but Riq continued to push the boundaries of their territory farther into GF space for even one microgram more. He broke long-standing treaties with sub-galactic dictators only to forge new ones with rival factions. The most brutal interrogation techniques of POWs were sanctioned under his governance even when GF forces were wiped out more quickly than they could be rebuilt.

Before long, Riq's thirst for power was outmatched only by his thirst for distraction.

Unrivaled success came at the cost of complacency, and it was enough to drive Riq mad. He'd rake his fingernails up his own thighs just to feel something while sitting through another tedious council meeting. How his fellow council members could be satisfied with the mind-numbing routine of deliberate, coordinate, and execute was completely lost on him.

While they sat comfortably in their petty game of cat-and-mouse with the GF, Riq howled in quiet agony. He battled monotony like one battles an insidious mold. He could practically feel it seeping into his bones, making him brittle.

Soon, the victory parades turned dull, and feasts of fine food and finer flesh lost their allure. Eventually, Riq couldn't even find respite in the most sumptuous accommodations. He wandered the Citadel's halls as an insomniac, suffocating from the need for the next thrill.

It was only when he'd found The One that he felt like he could breathe again.

"Aah..." Riq let out an indulgent sigh, cupping the back of Biker Morty's head and pushing him farther down his cock. "M-mind the teeth, babe."

Biker Morty whimpered something like an apology as he struggled to swallow another inch. Even in the dark, Riq could tell he was clearly favoring the right side of his mouth. His cheek had opened so easily under Riq's fist. Bloody saliva dribbled over Biker Morty's lips and hands to drip down Riq's balls and join the other body fluids already staining the sheets.

For all the fuss the Morty had put up while he was being dragged into Riq's boudoir, a few blows across the face had quieted him, and he was now gobbling down Riq's cock like an obedient sex doll.

Such a shame. Riq really felt like destroying something alivetonight.

He wound his fingers through the long brown hair fanning over the threadbare sheets as he tried to make out the hazy outline of Biker Morty through the dark. Like the rest of his once lavish personal quarters, the lights had fallen into disrepair, cloaking the room in inky black shadows. The bed itself was filthy and tattered; the few pieces of furniture in the room, faded and splintered.

Muffled chatter filtered in through the closed doors, but Riq felt miles from the shameless revelry of the seraglio. Sequestered away in his room, he was free to lose himself in the thoughts that had been unraveling his composure since the encounter with the X-Rick.

He felt giddy and edgy since the moment he'd read the report from the Morty Auction. Auctioneer Rick had been right to alert the Council about any fishy business taking place within the Elite, but he hadn't realized just how big a fish he'd caught when he turned in this particular X-Rick.

Rick of Dimension X-280. He was relatively unremarkable as far as Ricks went. Charged earlier in life for a handful of petty larceny cases in various dimensions, but never convicted, he'd slipped beneath the radar of both the Citadel and the Galactic Federation for years.

That is, until his numbers came up in the Council's special "lottery." The rest of the Council may not have recognized his dimensional designation, but Riq remembered. He remembered each and every sorry Rick that they shipped off to the GF to meet their quota. But X-280 would hold a special place in Riq's memories.

A Rick managing to escape a maximum-security GF prison with his mind still intact. Imagine that.

That's why he couldn't stop smiling when he saw Rick X-280 in the Council Chamber. He may have been beaten and broken physically, but Riq could sense the fire that still roared inside of him. It'd been years since Riq's interest was piqued, and even at the risk of getting burned, he was now curious to see what this Rick would do. He'd serve as entertainment until Riq eventually grew bored of him too.

But what had he been doing with The One? he asked himself again. He dug his fingers into Biker Morty's scalp as he cursed the Council for insisting that they keep the winner's suite exempt from the surveillance system. Of course, Riq knew all about what took place behind those closed doors, but X-280's case had been so unusual.

He took a shaky breath. The X-Rick is nothing, he assured himself. Just another Rick in the wall. Yes. He'd never have what Riq had.

He'd never have The One the way that Riq had. He'd never be the boy's first.

"Yessss..." he hissed, his cock swelling even thicker at the memory. As Biker Morty choked around him, Riq turned his face into the pillows beneath his head. They stunk of sweat and old spunk.

The One's pillows on Earth had smelled of cookies and crayons.

It was simply by chance that their scanners had been trained on The One's home planet when they picked up the signal. The mega-burst of Morty brainwaves short-circuited the reader and left the technicians baffled. Even Riq didn't believe it at first, but at Mama Eun-Rick's counsel, he'd insisted on leading the investigation himself. All five council members joined him on the excursion to the obscure dimension to seek out the source of the Morty and his strange ability.

Most Mortys were just barely hitting puberty at the time, and The One looked especially small and vulnerable tucked in his bed that night.

Riq growled as he yanked Biker Morty off of him and shoved him face down into the mattress. The Morty's whine turned into a sharp squeak as Riq grabbed his ass roughly in both hands. When he pulled the cheeks apart, a white glob of cum dripped from his hole, a parting gift from one of the Mortys who'd been fucking him earlier. Riq probed tentatively at the sloppy creampie with the head of his cock but paused.

See? I can be patient.

He'd been patient with The One. Give him some time, they'd said. At least wait until he's older, they'd begged. So Riq had played along and kept his sessions with The One in line with the Council's petty standards.

With The One in their hands, the Epiphanies propelled the Council to new heights. If they had been kings of the mountain before, they were now gods of the universe. Weapons of mass destruction, the enslavement of entire species, the annihilation of galaxies. Nothing was beyond them with the Epiphanies tickling their brains and sparking their imaginations. And, best of all, it was so fun.

Run a few thousand volts of electricity through The One, and they had the formula for vatilium. Shove stakes under his nails, and the secrets of antimatter production were clear to them. The more painful the torment, the more potent the Epiphanies.

He'd waited a whole year before taking The One to bed.

Gripping Biker Morty by the back of the neck, Riq leaned over him to rasp in his ear, "You better—n-none of this stoic bullshit." He pressed his cock to the twitching hole. "I want to hear you scream."

Without any more warning, Riq thrust the full length of his cock into Biker Morty until their balls met.

Ricks were far larger than Mortys, even a Turbulent Juice one, and Biker Morty shrieked as he was skewered. He scrambled for purchase on the sheets, ripping another hole in the fabric.

Cum squelched and frothed around Riq's cock as Riq pummeled him without mercy. He grabbed the battered headboard, using his full weight to fuck into Biker Morty, making the bed creak beneath their thrashing.

Biker Morty squirmed and howled as best he could, even with his back arched to the breaking point. He clawed at Riq's forearms and spat out every insult he knew.

"Fuck you, y-y-you fucking pervert—ah! I-is this how you get off—"

Riq swiftly cuffed him in the back of the head.

"No! N-no words!" Riq panted between thrusts. Beads of sweat rolled down his nose to drip onto Biker Morty's back.

The One hadn't said a word when he fucked him. He had sobbed and wailed when Riq crammed his cock into him until he was sure the kid would tear. But he'd never told Riq that he didn't want it, that he didn't like it. And Riq tried to be gentle. He really did. Maybe the kid didn't understand it then, but when Riq had forced him open, he'd done it out of love.

Over the course of the year spent torturing The One, Riq had fallen deeper and deeper in love with the mysterious Morty. He loved running his fingers down The One's ravaged back, tracing the crisscross of bloody welts left from the leather crop. He'd spend nights curled around The One's body as it continued twitching long after the electrical currents had stopped being pumped through it.

Nothing was more exquisite than the sight of The One in the throes of agony. Riq loved seeing him completely taken apart, pushed to his limits again and again. And when The One couldn't be pushed any further, he was at the mercy of Riq to be put back together.

And, god, was he beautiful like that. Naked, bloody, raw. Pure.

The night Riq raped The One, he was gifted with the most powerful Epiphany yet. It changed the course of the Council of Ricks' and Galactic Federation's future.

Riq had been a proper gentleman after he slipped his spent cock free from The One's leaking, battered hole. He'd petted his hair, kissed him on both cheeks and forehead, and thanked him for the wonderful night.

He never called The One to his room again after that.

The beginning was always the best part for Riq, before it degenerated into the tired and the routine. Before the rot set it. He never touched The One again, glad that he would always have the beauty of the start immortalized in that perfect moment.

Riq leaned back to watch his dick disappearing into Biker Morty's ass. With each shallow thrust, Biker Morty whimpered and shivered on his knees, struggling to remain upright. His bloodied cheek left a fresh, dark stain on the pillow case.

With the most salacious memories of The One petering out, Riq's pace slowed, and his erection threatened to flag. It took everything Riq had to maintain the fantasy that it was The One in his bed now, impaled by his cock, not this pathetic substitute.

Pulling Biker Morty up by his hair, Riq pinned him up against the headboard as he stubbornly drove into him. The Morty's pulse raced beneath his fingers as Riq clutched him around the neck.

Just then, there came a timid knock at the door.

"What is it?!" Riq barked, pistoning his hips. "I said no interruptions!"

The door creaked open, and an Attendant Morty peeked his head inside.

"I-I-I'm sorry, Riq, sir, but a phone call—" He paused, shrinking back as the stench of sex hit him full-force.

"Spit it out already! Can't you see I'm bAURP—busy?"

"A member of the, um, Elite w-wants t-to speak with you. He says it's urgent."

Riq groaned. "Fine. Bring it here."

The Attendant left the door open enough to let a sliver of light into the ramshackle room and tiptoed around the garbage that littered the floor. He was careful to avert his eyes once he reached Riq's side, trying to quell the blush that deepened every time he heard Biker Morty cry out.

"What happened to the other one?" Riq asked, taking the receiver from the Attendant with a curious look.

"Uh! Um... H-he's—he's indisposed."

Riq grunted when he read the name on the call screen. "Okay. Get out."

The Attendant couldn't leave fast enough. He banged into a toppled chair on his way, almost tripping over a stray bottle, before barreling out the door.

Keeping one hand steady on Biker Morty's throat, Riq unmuted the receiver and put it to his ear. He pulled his lips into a grin.

"?, s-so good to hear from you! Enjoying your time with The One, I taAGHke it? Mm-hm. Well, I should—I should hope so." As he let the Elite Rick prattle on about how his suite's liquor cabinet needed restocking, he nodded along, running his thumb over Biker Morty's jugular and enjoying the way his breath hitched with every thrust of Riq's hips.

After a few minutes, the lip service was beginning to wear on Riq's patience. "That's all very loAUGHvely, ?. I'm happy for your nano-armor, really. But you actually caught me at a—hm?" Riq stifled a yawn, wondering when the Rick would ever get to his point. "Oh, really? And what's that you wanted to tell me?"

Riq suddenly went still as ?-531 indulged him.

The smile fell from his face, and a distant roar began to rumble in Riq's ears. With every word ? said, the roar grew louder and louder like an approaching storm until it blotted out the tinny voice coming from the receiver. Riq recognized vaguely that he'd dropped it as it clattered to the floor, but the pounding in his head was now too deafening for him to care.

How could he not have realized it?

Riq wrapped both shaking hands around Biker Morty's throat, desperate for something to cling to in the midst of the squall that was raging through him. His tongue felt thick in his mouth, and there was a grating sound that he eventually realized was his own teeth grinding against one another.

How could he have been so...so stupid?

He'd assumed he'd taken everything from The One—everything! His home, his life, his innocence, his right to himself. Riq had taken from him what could never be returned and no one else could ever take again. Right?

Riq pulled Biker Morty to his chest, nuzzling at the long hair and breathing, "You were mine. Y-you were supposed to be all mine." His voice cracked.

Those idiot Elite could fuck The One all they wanted, but they'd never come close to having him the way Riq had. Only he was special to The One. He was the maestro of The One's life. He set the tune, the pitch, the crescendos and diminuendos.

And now some X-Rick was going to ruin his symphony.

The X-Rick had taken the one thing that Riq never—hadn't even thought to consider. He'd stolen it from right under Riq's nose.

A tremor that had started in Riq's chest crept down his arms to his hands, and soon he was shaking Biker Morty like a rag doll. He needed leverage. He needed to get the shaking to stop. Riq slammed Biker Morty's head forward against the wall. The wet smack of flesh and caving bone roused the animalistic side in Riq. He could only think in the most basic terms now.

That goddamn—

Smack.

Sneaky—

Smack.

Conniving—

Smack.

Dirty X-Rick had stolen The One's heart.

"What will you do, Riq?"

He pried loose his stiff fingers, letting the Biker Morty's body fall limply off his dick and onto the floor, cum oozing down his slack thighs.

Riq was breathing hard, the roaring in his ears now a whining tinnitus. He stared straight through the black smear of blood on the wall in front of him, his mind transfixed on the question:

What will you do?

Pristine sheets of gold marble gave way to cheap plaster and eventually grimy concrete around Rick. The walls, which had been painted white at some point, were now stained gray by countless bodies having rubbed past them, and greasy fingerprints peppered the surface like smoky stars. Even at a glance, the small whorls were familiar to Rick because, naturally, they were all his own.

He reached across the escalator's rubber railing to run a hand over a graffiti tag as the moving staircase continued its trek downward. The message's paint was still fresh, and Rick's hand came away with a magenta blush on his fingertips.

FUCK THE COUNCIL, the tag read.

As Rick descended deeper into the Citadel, the vibrant sounds of the main atrium fell away, replaced by a constant mechanical churning coming from somewhere in the bowels of the massive space station. His surroundings grew dingier with each level he passed, the bustling energy of the earlier levels' commercial pastimes quickly fading from memory. Now, as he neared sub-level 6, the oppressive quiet rested heavy on his ears, and the air was thick with stale heat.

The escalator lurched over a kink in its gears, nearly sending Rick reeling over the edge, and he grabbed the handrail for balance.

"Cutting-edge technology, m-my ass. Am I right?"

His question was only answered by another aching squeal of the old gears beneath him.

He hadn't come across another passenger since sub-level 4, and that Rick had been a boozy mess, draping himself over Rick and whispering all kinds of nasty in his ear. He'd had half a mind to shove the bastard right over the side to a quick and messy death, and he might have done so if the next level's platform hadn't come up when it did. Rick was all too glad to dump the drunk there before he got too cocky groping Rick through his slacks.

In truth, the solitude was a welcome break from the cacophony he'd endured when he first entered the Citadel's immense foyer. It'd been a shock to the senses. All the noise and energy of countless Ricks and Mortys in constant movement left him feeling drained from the bombardment of stimuli.

"Morty Craze? N-no kidding," Rick chuckled bitterly.

Crowds of Ricks and Mortys had traversed the floor so tightly, it was like an undulating sea of blue and brown. Having never had a Morty of his own, the sight of one was still somewhat novel to Rick, but to see dozens upon dozens of them in one space was an entirely new phenomenon itself.

Every inch of the Citadel's main atrium was covered in colorful posters that boasted services for collecting Mortys, combining Mortys, training Mortys, and even grooming Mortys. There were Morty dry cleaners with nothing but freshly pressed yellow shirts and jeans hanging from their revolving racks. A Morty salon claimed it could turn a Scruffy Morty into a Business Morty while his Rick enjoyed a drink at the bar next door. One shop advertised itself as catering to the sophisticated tastes of Elite Ricks and displayed a custom branding iron in the window next to a line of high-end leather collars and leashes sold as matching sets—Keep your Mortys safe and stylish for only 400C!

Strings of Mortys bearing Manipulator Chips trailed behind their Ricks, holding tightly to each others' hands to keep from getting separated. While most Ricks stormed purposefully forward like they had somewhere to be, others promenaded by at a leisurely pace. Ricks in expensive three-piece suits led their own packs of Mortys on jewel-studded leashes like they were show dogs.

The comparison wasn't too far off the mark, Rick figured. The Morty Craze had spurred yet another means to fuel a Rick's competitive streak, and it didn't take him long to crack the code of this new social hierarchy that had materialized around it. Ricks with only their original Morty were at the bottom of the pecking order. Treated as witless, old-fashioned, or just plain dull, they were often lost in the crowd. Above them were those who prowled the wilder dimensions like strapping huntsmen on safari to battle and conquer the myriad Mortys. At the top sat the Ricks with both quantity and quality. They garnished their Mortys with only the finest in material goods.

With the advent of the Morty Craze, Mortys were now toted as symbols of a Rick's social status. Like a brand-name wristwatch, they were polished and put on display simply for the pleasure of the public eye.

Rick thought of the massive banner that had stretched high above from one end of the open space to the other. The blocky yellow letters of MORTY GAMES were flanked on one side by a Morty posed as Rosie the Riveter. He was smiling triumphantly at the viewer, one hand on his noodle-like arm.

Rick had watched the banner billow softly on its stiff cables, twisting the Morty's smile into a quivering frown.

Though Rick had initially found himself mesmerized by the spectacle of the Morty Craze, the pompous display of exploitation sat sour in his mouth. Even now, Rick tongued at his palate as though to dislodge the revulsion that stuck like a stubborn coating of cough syrup.

Rick shook his head free of the memory and turned back to the scrap of paper in his hands. Dive, he'd scribbled down hastily. Or was it Live? The sweat from his hands had made the ink run, blurring the already messy script. He pulled at the stiff collar of his dress shirt, wishing that the Citadel's HVAC reached the lower levels.

A dingy placard lit up overhead with a tired ding. This was his stop. Stepping off the escalator, a kiosk directory greeted him, its flickering screen showing a simple cross section of the Citadel, each sector color coded by category.

The upper levels were reserved for Council business and commercial services. Next was the main atrium which served as the main point of entry and the heart of the Citadel's entertainment. The lower levels held military campuses and maintenance. Residential blocks were sprinkled throughout, with names like Cloud's Landing and The Ricktz housing the wealthy, while the lower Ricks of society lived in cramped housing projects marked loosely 1 through 12.

His eyes skimmed over the legend's headers: Bars, Entertainment, Pubs, General Services, Cantinas, Accommodations, Izakaya, Eateries... Running his finger down the column of dining establishments, Rick found the name he was looking for nestled between Dirty Rick's Discount Dinners and Dudz.

The rest of sub-level 6 proved to be in as equal a state of decay as the information kiosk. As Rick made his way down the maze of corridors toward Dive, he passed by decrepit shops and residences packed tightly together, their fronts sagging like old skin on a grizzled face. Broken windows punctuated their gap-toothed grins. Ricks holding signs with messages like "Y lie? Need Creds 4 Booze" sat slumped beneath lampposts while others shot up k-lax with belt tourniquets. Down one alley, Rick could make out a pair of Ricks fucking desperately in the shadows. He picked up his pace when they began catcalling him to join in the fun.

As he careened around a corner in his haste, his foot suddenly slid forward, and Rick braced his hand against a wall to catch himself. He immediately felt a familiar twinge in his lower back.

"I swear to god, if I break my neck in this fucking dump..." he muttered. Rubbing at the tweaked muscle, he glared down at the paper he'd slipped on. A picture of a Morty smiled up at him from beneath his Berluti leather shoe, and Rick crouched to inspect the discarded flyer.

A generic Morty was beaming at the camera, a Manipulator Chip stapled to his ear like he was tagged cattle. Behind him, a proud Rick clasped the Morty's shoulder while giving a thumbs up with his other hand. A Chipped Morty is a Happy Morty, read the PSA.

Rick pressed his lips together. Unease burned in his stomach as he looked into the brown eyes of the poster Morty. He couldn't possibly be the only Rick who saw through the bald-faced lie, could he? Every other Rick may have swallowed the Council's bullshit campaign, but Rick knew better. He'd seen enough to know that behind every Photoshopped smile was a scared and abused Morty.

Mouse's eyes were lighter, he thought distractedly, unable to keep from drawing the comparison, despite the disconcerting truth he'd just been reminded of. He shook his head quickly, cursing himself. Stay focused, dipshit! What the hell did that matter, when Mouse was suffering? What did any of this matter? So Mortys were suffering all over the Citadel. It was disgusting and wrong and— But he couldn't save them all, could he? Rick had enough on his plate with Mouse alone, and he didn't know how he was even going to manage that.

The thought of Mouse made his heart lurch, the sudden rush of adrenaline compelling him to move. He'd already lost enough time, and his insider was probably wondering what was keeping him. But if he was still the genius Rick remembered, he was sure that together they'd be able to figure something out to save Mouse.

Rick ground the flyer under his heel, snuffing out the Rick's face until he could see the wet concrete beneath.

...

Dive lived up to its name.

It was an average scoop-and-serve eatery nestled alongside the other shops that made up sub-level 6's central food court. The greasy menu advertised it as specializing in Biziwog-California cuisine, a fusion which Rick had never heard of before. It was yet another reminder of all that he'd missed during his incarceration. Mini pizzas topped with wriggling brown maggots sat alongside deep-fried Au Jus sandwiches battered in sharp green crystals, and the day's special seemed to include a free side of purple pâté slopped into small paper cups.

A line of Ricks in stained jumpsuits, reminiscent of Rick's own—Note to self: Contact laundry service—shuffled forward behind the belt stanchions, their faces worn and set in permanent frowns. One Rick coughed violently, hocking a loogie onto his neighbor's shoe. The queue shot Rick strange looks when he glided into line behind them, his pressed suit no doubt making him stand out like a sore thumb.

Ignoring their stares, Rick grabbed his tray and a serving of cloudy water. He tried not to think too hard about the dubious substance stuck to the glass's bottom.

When Rick reached the food server, he came face-to-face with a scruffy-looking Rick slouched behind the counter. A spent cigarette hung from the corner of his mouth, and he wore a uniform and grungy apron that drowned his gaunt frame. He barely even looked at Rick as he systematically whacked his metal ladle against the counter, smashing the cockroaches that scurried across. Rick grimaced when he spotted two small black beetles sneaking up the server's wrist.

Deciding that it was a losing battle, the server then used the ladle to scoop up a heap of crusty curry rice and asked gruffly, "What'll it be?"

Suddenly unsure if this was really the Rick he was looking for, Rick began slowly, "Ten express exiles with extra sauce." He winced internally at how lame the secret password sounded to his ears.

"Wuh?" The server screwed up his face, the cigarette waggling dangerously from his slack mouth. Spent ash fluttered down to salt a tin of black mashed potatoes.

"Ten express exiles. With. Extra. Sauce," he tried again, watching the server's expression closely for a spark of recognition behind those comically thick bifocals.

There was another moment of bewilderment before slowly, very slowly the server's scowl melted into a grin.

"Cute," he finally said.

The Rick chewed the end of his cigarette before pinching it between two fingers and putting it out in the potatoes. "Exquisite choice," he replied, his voice turning to silk. He then yelled to the kitchen, keeping his eyes trained on Rick, "Boss! It's time for—I'm taking my lunch break!"

"Just keep it short, Tick! Don't forget you're on a PIP!"

"Tick?" Rick asked aloud.

The server rolled his eyes and then turned away from the counter, pulling the hairnet off his head and muttering "I'll be out in five" without a backward glance.

Abandoning his tray on the counter, Rick snaked his way through the crowd of customers to the small eating area outside. Most of the tables were already occupied by blue-collar Ricks hunched over their trays and grumbling with their tired-looking companions.

A small table with two vacant chairs sat in the corner. Not exactly private, but Rick took it, giving himself a clear view of Dive's rear exit. As he waited, picking absently at his Royal Oxford sleeve, he couldn't help overhearing the conversation from a nearby table.

"I tell ya, there's gonna be another rent hike. Mark my words."

"But the Council just docked our pay! Assholes!"

"If they gave me back—if I had my portal gun, I'd portal the fuck out of here," sighed a third.

"Yeah, yeah. You 'n' me both."

"It ain't fuckin' fair."

"You got that right! We're slavin' away while those Elite cocksuckers get to live like kings. Betcha they ain't got a worry in the world!"

Rick waved off a vagabond with a plaque around his neck that read Space AIDS. Keep away from Mortys before turning back to his eavesdropping.

The first voice had begun speaking again. "Nah. Those tools've got just as much reason to be pissed off as the rest of us. Council's got 'em all on a tight leash. Ya ever seen 'em?" He took a drink and smacked his lips loudly. "Hell, look at that one right there."

His companion whistled low. "Ain't he on the wrong side o' the tracks."

"With threads like that, he's gotta be."

Once Rick realized they were talking about him, his ears began to burn red. They thought he was an Elite? The notion alone was nauseating, but he figured it was better to be mistaken for an Elite than found out as a Dimension X Rick. He ran a thumb over the onyx cuff links at his wrist as he pretended not to hear, musing to himself how his new attire made for a convincing disguise.

Rick was never one for suits, never understood the appeal of strutting around in one like a prick. His wardrobe had always favored utilitarianism over aesthetics, a reflection of his steadfast pragmatism. When his days usually ended with him stained by Titanium(III) chloride or covered in some alien's viscera, it didn't make sense to hold much value in apparel.

But even he couldn't deny that the suit he'd picked out from the suite's armoire fit him like a second skin. Tailored to perfection, it sat comfortably on his shoulders, across the chest, and everywhere that mattered, boasting its expert craftsmanship. The Council knew how to treat their guests right, and they'd clearly spared no expense using only the highest quality materials. He never knew a suit could feel so good. The satiny softness of his shirt was so foreign to Rick that he couldn't keep from fidgeting, constantly adjusting the cuff just for an excuse to touch it.

"Poor git can hardly sit still. He's nervous, 'cuz the Council's always watchin' 'em," the blue-collar Rick continued. "Oh, yeah, they watch 'em. They watch their Elite like a hog farmer watches his pigs being fattened fer slaughter." There was a creak as the Rick adjusted himself on his metal chair. "S'no wonder he came down here. It's to get 'imself something he can't up there."

"He's prolly got plenty o' Mortys of his own in his castle. And there ain't hardly any o' those 'round here. What could 'e possibly be lookin' to find?"

There was a low chuckle. "What else? Perspective."

Just then, Dive's rear door swung open and the server Rick from before stepped out. Rick immediately sat up straighter.

The server had changed out of his uniform and into a pair of slacks and a simple black turtleneck that hugged his physique. As he approached, Rick noticed that in place of the bottle lenses, a pair of rimless glasses now sat low on his nose. Rick could've sworn the man had grown another four inches since he'd last seen him, but he realized it was his ramrod straight posture that accounted for the sudden change. He looked like a man with purpose now, and the transformation from slovenly hack to polished literatus was nothing short of incredible.

No sooner had the Rick taken his seat across from him, when he folded his hands on the tabletop and asked, "So, did you kill him?"

Rick stared blankly, his train of thought completely derailed by the sudden inquiry. He'd been expecting a slightly more heartwarming reunion. After all, it'd been years since he'd last seen his contact. Then again, Rick of X-010, could be more of a pragmatist than even he was. Not to mention a bit of a fanatic. When X-010 got an idea in his head, it was often difficult to dissuade him. Dread was already beginning to gnaw at Rick as he thought of how he'd have to break the news of the change in plans to his mentor.

It wasn't that he'd forgotten the original plan. Hell, he'd probably never forget it. He'd done a lot of fucked up things in his life, but agreeing to the terms of the mission still made the top of the list. In exchange for all of X-010's help, though, the compromise had seemed worth it. Rick told himself that if it meant getting the revenge he wanted so badly, he'd do whatever it took.

But now... He didn't know if the pang of guilt that cut through him was for betraying X-010 or for what he'd almost been willing to do to Mouse.

"Look, X-010, about—" But his twin clamped a hand over his mouth, cutting him off with an icy glare. The Rick shook his head sternly, darting his eyes to the other customers, but they'd already turned their attention back to wrestling with their pizza maggots. Dragging his chair over so that he could sit closer to Rick, he hissed.

"I don't go by that here."

"What?" Rick said too loudly before ducking his head. "You mean—you mean they don't know you're from—"

"No. And I prefer to keep it that way."

"What am I supposed to call you, then?" Rick thought back to what the line cook had said. "Tick?"

The Rick scowled. "Of course not. That's just what those asswipes—whatever. It doesn't matter." Running a hand through his hair, he looked around the eating area with a sharp eye. He gave a friendly nod to someone—a regular, most likely—while he continued in a low tone to Rick. "Code names. Remember?"

Rick mentally kicked himself for the faux pas and held up his hand in a sign of wait as he quickly scanned through ORA's database from behind his closed eyelids. There were blueprints, notes, maps, instructions, some hastily sketched spectrum full of letters. The breadth of information he'd received from X-010 over the last few years was overwhelming, and it took Rick a moment to home in on what he was looking for. Finally, he came across one small image file tucked away beneath the category of Miscellaneous: an X with tiny script written above it. What had it said again?

"Uh, Chi...?" he offered.

That earned him a scuff across the head as the other Rick corrected him, "Not chee, numbskull. It's pronounced 'kai.' Chi. As in 'tie'? And, speaking of which," Chi leaned forward, slipping Rick's silk tie free from his jacket and rubbing it thoughtfully between his fingers, "you look just like one of them now." He suddenly grabbed the tie in his fist and tugged, reeling Rick close until he was less than an inch from his face.

Rick bristled in surprise but kept his mouth shut. Chi was as eccentric as he was brilliant, and Rick knew better than to interrupt his mentor when he was in one of his moods. Besides, considering all that Chi had done for him, the least Rick could do was put up with his little quirks without complaint. So he simply waited as Chi closed his eyes and sniffed curiously at Rick's neck, following the line of scent up to his ear.

The tickle of Chi's breath on his earlobe roused memories that had lain dormant for years. It made him think back to when they'd first met a lifetime ago. Chi was the first alternate dimension Rick he'd ever seen, in fact, and when Chi had portaled into his lab that night to whisper into his ear Boo, Rick had nearly shat himself, literally. Chi didn't let him live that down for years.

Rick had always fended for himself well enough, Morty or no Morty, but even he wasn't so stubborn as to deny that he owed Chi everything. Chi had helped Rick design his first spaceship, shown him the best bars from Earth to Uazz, and even coached him on building ORA after he'd lost his eye on Sid-7.

It was no small wonder that Rick, who never met a Rick he liked, let down his usual defenses when he was with Chi. They'd been an unstoppable duo at the peak of their game. The only regret Rick had was that he'd never be the kind of partner that Chi was really hoping for.

Although Chi never said it aloud, it was implicit in the way his touch lingered longer than necessary, the way he'd make any excuse—C'mere. Y-you gotta hear this—just to lean in close. How many times had Rick caught Chi looking at him with a mix of sadness and hunger in his eyes? How many nights had he let Chi drink himself to oblivion until he finally gave in to his urges, taking Rick with desperate kisses and handjobs that were always forgotten the next morning? At least, by Chi.

Chi inhaled deeply one last time then opened his eyes again. "Smell like one of them too." He let go of the tie. "Almost didn't recognize you, 280. Cute."

The moment Chi released him, Rick pulled away and ran his hands down the tie to smooth it back into place. He sputtered half-aborted retorts, while Chi eased right back into his role as the ever-savvy tactician.

"I gotta say, 280. I may have outdone myself. Looks like that cute little code I set you up with worked out." Chi nodded to Rick's chest as though he could see the rigged black card nestled in his breast pocket. "Now that you can pass for an Elite, I take it your mission...was a success?" He coolly withdrew a cigarette carton from his pocket and lit one up. In spite of Chi's calm exterior, Rick could feel the wild energy buzzing just beneath the surface. The intensity in his gaze, rich with expectation, was too much for him to meet.

"I...I didn't do it," Rick said quietly, averting his eyes.

For a moment neither Rick moved, letting the statement settle in. Chi's expression flip-flopped between confusion and annoyance, and he ran a hand through his hair, grabbing a fistful and tugging it slightly. He shook his head, muttering under his breath, "You've got to be kidding me."

"Chi, c'mon. It wasn't that—" Rick started.

"One job. You had one fucking job." Chi ground out, his gaze burning into Rick as he spoke through clenched teeth.

"Y-you don't know what he's like! I couldn't just—" Rick licked his lips. "And you wouldn't have either." He reprimanded himself for assuming Chi would so easily turn a blind eye and move ahead with Rick's proposal, no questions asked.

"What are you talking about, 280?" Chi scoffed, rolling his eyes. "I don't care if he's a Morty. I know how you feel about them, but—" he took a draw from his cigarette, a pained look flickering across his face. "But I'm not you. I'm willing to do what's necessary for the cause, whatever the cost."

"And so am I. The mission's still on, Chi. It just doesn't have to go the way you think it does."

"Yeah? And just how's that, huh?" Chi's knee was jostling up and down beneath the table. "That Morty, with his Epiphany thing or whatever, he's the linchpin to the Council's power. You know it and I know it. Taking him out is the only option. You have no idea what it's been like around here, 280, since that fucking Morty showed up."

"How long?"

"What?"

"How long have they had the—The One?"

"The One. Cute. Almost forgot they call him that." Chi sighed. "I don't know. Few years. Maybe five. Of course, you were too busy hanging out with the GF to pay much attention to poli-Ricks."

"Yeah, yeah. V-very funny," Rick said.

"Anyway, my guess is that the Council kept him for a while before they eventually started passing him around. Cue their groupies, the Elite. Sure, things were never perfect, but at least the Council wasn't completely off its rocker. Then this Morty showed up, and overnight they started ruling with an iron fist. And not just with the GF, but in here too. Now..." Chi tapped his cigarette on the edge of the table. "Well, you've got eyes."

Rick didn't need to look to remember the poor shape of their surroundings; he could smell it. It saturated the air, crept across the floor along with the cockroaches, and clung to the other Ricks' clothing—the unmistakable scent of despair. Even after Chi's visual transformation, there was still the tell-tale line of dirt under his fingernails. It pained Rick to see his mentor reduced to this, a victim of the Council's dictatorship.

"How'd you end up here, anyway, with the whole," he gestured at Chi and the dilapidated restaurant behind him, "y'know, lunch lady gig? Thought you said you'd be in security. I really could've used that earlier."

"You can blame that, my friend," Chi said, sitting back, "on what's called an ID-10-T error. Nearly had myself a cute little position with the Guards, but the whole thing went tits up when some moron in the Placement department got the assignment wrong. Now I'm stuck here, serving Biziwog burgers to these schmucks."

They sat in silence for a few minutes, Chi working on his cigarette and Rick meditating on what he'd learned, before Chi spoke up again, looking off across the food court. "Things are bad, 280, and they're only going to get worse. That's why we need to get rid of that Morty. The One. Whatever you wanna call him."

"Mouse."

"What?" Chi snapped his gaze back to Rick.

"His name's Mouse."

His companion paused, brow furrowed. He snorted. "Okaaay. What? So he gets a pet name now?"

"No. Chi, it's not—"

"Wait. Did you learn that from one of those woo-woo Epiphanies or something?"

"Chi, listen. He's different."

"And here I thought they were supposed to make you smart. Couldn't you have learned something useful? Like how to build a time machine so that none of this would've happened in the first place? Or a cute little mind control device? Or—oh, I don't know—how to do your actual fucking job—"

"Listen!" Rick slammed his fist on the table, his outburst cutting through the hum of conversation around them. Shielding his face from the curious onlookers, Rick hunkered down to whisper, "It's not just about the Epiphanies. Mouse can do more than that. He's got...other abilities."

In all the years they'd known each other, Rick rarely spoke back to Chi, let alone raised his voice, and he could see the surprise on Chi's face as he watched him steadily. At last, like a teacher indulging his problem student, Chi sighed, his eyes softening. "Okay, 280. Fine. Tell me exactly what happened."

Rick took a deep breath, placing his palms flat on the tabletop. Where to even begin? "When I won the auction—"

"How much did it run you?"

"Huh? Oh. Two... Two point five. Million."

"Oooh, Jesus Fucking Christ," Chi muttered, grabbing at his own hair again.

"Look, you said you were going to listen, so listen."

Chi raised his hands in surrender and shrugged. "Fine, fine. Go on."

"When you win the auction, they take you to this room. Everyone acts like it's The One's room or some shit, but I don't think that's it. I don't think Mouse actually stays there. Anyway, I know what we agreed to, but I—we—there's something more to Mouse than I think even the Council knows."

This piqued Chi's interest, and his dismissive pout turned into something more attentive.

"The Elite, the Council, they think he can only grant Epiphanies—which, by the way, total mind-fuck. They make your brain feel like it's hopped up on Wixilan while going through a refractor drive." He scratched the back of his head, as though he could still feel the bizarre chill from before. "But he can also—something happens where you can—" He shook head. "It sounds so fucking ridiculous, I can't even say it." But Chi waited patiently until he continued. "I think he can make you read minds."

"Are you saying telepathy?" Chi asked.

"Yeah. It's like telepathy. But it just sort of happens to you, a Resonance. I don't think I was ever in control of it when it happened, so I'm still not sure how it works. He's not really the m-most vocal Morty, but I swear, I could hear his thoughts." Rick thought better than to mention under exactly what circumstances the effect was triggered. "And not just his! I heard the Guards' thoughts before I ever saw them. They were still outside, and I think it has something to do with the proximity—something—I don't know. But what I'm trying to say, Chi, is that we can use this." He held Chi's gaze. "This is why we keep him alive."

Chi looked deep in thought, clearly wrestling with the overload of information he'd just been given. He hadn't taken a puff from his cigarette since Rick began talking, and now it was burned down to the filter.

"Well? What do you—" Rick was interrupted again by a palm smashed against his face. He grunted in frustration, but Chi hushed him with a stiff "Quiet."

Rick would've thrown more of a fit, but then he heard it: the triple chime from the Citadel's public address system. He'd heard it go off inside the main atrium, and each time it did, every Rick around stopped in mid-step to cock an ear and heed the message. The announcements read like newspaper headlines, usually something about activities on the warfront or the latest injunction imposed by the Council of Ricks.

The three musical notes echoed ominously from the support beams hidden in the shadows, stilling all activity until the only noise was the grease popping in the fryers. From the speakers overhead came a synthesized female voice.

"Code Yellow, Capture Alert. Code Yellow, Capture Alert."

Rick peeked out from between Chi's fingers to watch the surrounding Ricks go pale. There was a rumble of hushed voices as they whispered to each other.

"Fuck me! A Code Yellow?"

"Haven't heard that in a while."

"I thought those G-Fuckers were losing their edge! How could they—"

"Shut up! It's still on!"

The announcement crackled before continuing. "The following Ricks have been detained by the Galactic Federation: Rick of Dimension G-803 and Rick of Dimension K-747. As a precaution, all Ricks are now required to obtain visas before traveling outside of the Citadel." There was a brief pause before a terse "That is all."

Then it ran the same sound clip it played after every announcement: A brassy fanfare of trumpets sounded, followed by "This message was brought to you by the Council of Ricks, providing Ricks everywhere with peace, protection, and prosperity."

The PA system gave a final squeal of feedback and then went dead. It was like a spell being broken as the lunch crowd immediately resumed their previous grumbling, though there was an obvious hurry to their movements. In another few minutes, the place had cleared out, leaving Rick and Chi in solitude.

When Chi removed his hand, Rick saw that it was shaking.

Rick wanted to ask about the announcement, but just then someone suddenly called out to them.

"Well, well, well! If it isn't our good friend, Tick."

They turned to the source of the voice. A pair of chicly dressed Ricks was sauntering casually over to their table. Going by their bespoke suits and the haughtiness that oozed from their eyes, Rick quickly gathered that they were Elite. Chi and Rick weren't the only ones to notice them, either. The atmosphere in the food court turned sour as the few remaining shopkeepers watched the new visitors with apprehension.

"Oh, great," Rick heard Chi mutter. "Grecos."

When the Elite reached their table, one of them placed his hands on its surface, taking his time to swing his gaze from Chi to Rick and back again. He clucked disapprovingly.

"Tick, what have we told you about mixing with the Elite, hm? We both know you're not allowed to be near them. Wouldn't want them catching your fleas, remember?" He flicked Chi in the forehead with his finger.

Chi made as if to stand, but the other Elite at his back pinned him down firmly by the shoulders. He gave a halfhearted attempt to twist himself free, but soon settled for glaring instead.

"Y'know, ?-669," Chi sneered, "for always saying you don't want to catch fleas, you sure come down here a lot. You hoping I'll finally suck your dick?"

Smoothing a hand over his impeccably slicked back hair, ?-669 chuckled, "Oh, Tick. Tick, Tick, Tick, Tick, Tick." He shook his head, his tone dropping to unnerving depths. "You're hardly in any position to be giving petty insults. This is exactly why you need us, the wise and benevolent Elite," he ground his finger against Chi's nose in emphasis, "to come down here and sort you lowlifes out. You should be thanking us for doing the Citadel a public service."

"Public service?" Rick found himself saying before he could stop. "Is that what they call it these days?"

?-669 swiveled his attention to Rick, whom he hadn't so much as glanced at since interrupting them. Now his eyes were narrowed in suspicion as he looked Rick over, his gaze lingering on his unbuttoned collar. Rick caught Chi's piercing look from across the table, the message clear: Play. It. Cool.

The Elite's very presence was making Rick's stomach twist and his fingers clench into fists beneath the table, but he firmly marshalled his fury into some semblance of impartial regard. He was getting really sick of all this self-restraint, honestly, and was starting to think that a stiff drink or wank was in order once he got back to his suite.

As though satisfied with what he saw, ?-669 snapped his fingers and said with a smirk, "?, seat." On cue, his partner shoved Chi to the floor and placed a handkerchief down on the chair for ?-669 to sit on. The Elite Rick unbuttoned his jacket and propped his elbows on the table, teeth gleaming white as he smiled at Rick like they were old drinking buddies.

"Now, I'd wager that you're new to the circle, Brother," ?-669 began, "so I understand if you don't quite know how things work around here. But you really must be more careful around these common-Ricks. They're not like us. They're not...Elite." His eyes grew sultry as he slid one hand up Rick's thigh.

Rick stiffened at the unwanted touch, but he fought down the impulse to slug the Elite where he sat. ?-669's brow twitched higher, misreading Rick's tension for reciprocated interest. He hummed.

"I don't believe we've had the pleasure of meeting. And I make sure to know every Elite. Think of it as a hobby of mine."

"That means he fucks every one of them he can," Chi said, wiping the grime off his hands. He hissed as ? yanked him roughly up to his feet and gave him a hard shake.

"Better mind your manners, fuckface," the grunt growled.

?-669 rolled his eyes. "Like I said, they're not like us." He turned back to Rick, sighing, "They'll sooner cut your throat than shake your hand. They really need someone to put them in their place. Animals." He leaned closer into Rick's personal space then, his voice taking on a conspiratorial tone. "Real k-lax problem around here. And the stuff's total shit." Peeling back his jacket to reveal a baggie of magenta powder to Rick, he added, "On the other hand, if you're looking for the good stuff, I'm always willing to help a brother in need."

"I-I-I'll think about it," Rick said, scrounging his mind for an exit strategy.

"Well, aren't you a cute one. So tell me, Stutters, you got a dimension to go with that Boy Scout morality?"

Rick paled, his mind racing. "Uh, maybe I'd better—"

"Beta? " ?-669's eyes flashed with intrigue. "Ooh, I like the sound of that." He shot his Elite companion a knowing grin. "Well, ß, hope your blood's not too pure to indulge in a little gambling, hm? What're the chances I'll see you at the next Morty Auction?" His hand slid even higher, the tips of his fingers just brushing Rick's flaccid cock through his slacks.

Rick jumped so high, his knees slammed into the underside of the table.

"Mm. Feisty. You'll be loads of fun to have at the auction." ?-669 then made a face. "And it'll help get the taste of that nasty X-Rick out of my mouth."

"X-Rick?" Rick could barely breathe.

"Really. Can you believe it? Don't know what the Council was thinking, letting him in. The bastard even ended up winning. I chalk it up to beginner's luck." Giving Rick's thigh a quick squeeze, he added, "But don't worry. Last I heard, the Council cleaned him up good. But why talk about a filthy X-Rick when we could be talking about us?"

Rick saw Chi visibly redden as he watched the Elite coming onto him. There was an unmistakable shade of jealousy behind his glare, and Rick felt the sharp stab of grief for putting Chi through this. His fists clenched tighter.

Giving a loud huff, Chi crossed his arms and glowered. "Jeez, ?, what's the matter? You scared of the big, bad X-Rick? Think he's gonna put a curse on you and cook your Mortys in his cauldron or something?"

?-669 turned in Chi's direction. "Nearly forgot you were an X sympathizer, Tick. You're a regular smorgasbord of issues, you know that? Real fucked up stuff. And I'll tell you what's wrong with those fucking X-Ricks." The Elite Rick stood, his lackey stiffening visibly as he sensed the tension thicken. He sneered, "They're the dead-end link of our kind. No Mortys means no camouflage means do not pass go, do not collect a hundred dollars. Their timeline was the universe's way of saying that X-Ricks aren't cut out to succeed. They're an abomination, plain and simple." Buttoning his jacket again, he nodded to ? who immediately let go of Chi and joined his side.

"Congratulations, Tick, you've officially made me lose my appetite."

"Right. Like you came down here for a meal. Sure." Chi didn't even look at him, choosing instead to stare stubbornly at the floor.

"Like I'd eat the shit you serve. It's not even fit for your little cockroach pals." ?-669 turned to gaze affectionately at Rick once more. "I look forward to our date, ß. Just take care of yourself until then. You know what they say. If you lie down with dogs..."

The two Elite bodily shouldered Chi when they passed him, cackling loudly as they left. Once the echo of their laughter died down, Rick spoke first.

"What a fucking grade-A asshole."

Chi didn't say anything as he brushed away the handkerchief and flopped heavily back onto his seat as though completely drained. Quietly, he removed his glasses which had been knocked askew and gave a noncommittal grunt in reply as he cleaned them with the corner of his shirt. It unnerved Rick to see Chi so despondent and reserved after his earlier almost frenzied energy. At last, Chi began to speak, his voice tired.

"Do you know why he was so interested in you?"

Rick blanched. "Wh-who? You mean that douchebag? Chi, I-I seriously was not even considering—"

"I know. I don't care about that. Do you know why he wanted you so badly?" he repeated.

"Uh, b-because he thought I was Elite, right? And like you said, he has a thing for them. If the Elite are like c-celebrities, then he's just some gold-digger looking for a quick lay."

Chi sighed. "It's because he thought you were from Dimension ß. There's a difference. I hate to say this, 280, but he was right. You don't know how things work around here." He placed his hands apart on the table, palms facing in, as though holding something between them. "The dimensions have always been categorized by letters. Even you know this, right?"

"Riiight," Rick said slowly.

"Alpha to omega, A to Z. The labels were arbitrary, really, just a means of organization. Nothing else. But some Ricks started to see it differently. They started to treat the labels as a kind of ranking. And the Grecos," Chi moved his hands closer together on one side of his invisible spectrum, "consider themselves to be at the top."

Rick snorted. "That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard."

"No kidding. But you'd be surprised the excuses people will make to feel superior. The Grecos honestly think they're better than the rest of us in every way, even genetically. And the sad thing is, that school of thought is self-fulfilling. The further down the list you go, the worse off Ricks are."

"Yeah. That part's pretty obvious." Rick had always known he'd been dealt a tough hand, but it was only after he'd started interacting with other Ricks that the disparity became clear. Whereas he'd spent his life scraping by, hiding, doing without, and struggling just to survive, things seemed to come easily to other Ricks. He'd simply chalked it up to the luck of the draw, never attributing his lot in life solely to his dimensional designation. But maybe Chi was right. Maybe the whole unspoken hierarchy perpetuated by Ricks was further reaching than he realized.

"Haven't you ever wondered why they hate us so much? Do you really think it's because our Mortys were stillborn? Really? I mean, jeezus. The multiverse is a big place. I'm sure there's plenty of messed up shit happening in other dimensions." He scooted closer. "Think about it. What makes people want to screw each other over all the time?"

"Because people are assholes?"

"Fear, 280. They do it out of fear."

"Chi, what does this have to do with—"

"Hear me out. I have a running theory about this. They hate all X Dimension Ricks because they fear us!" His hands were moving in earnest now, flitting about as quickly as his words. "Everyone may think we're at the bottom of the fuckin' dimensional dung pile, but I don't think it was always like this. What if we're not from Dimension X at all?"

"Whoa. Chi, buddy, you're losing me."

"What if we were never X? What if we're ?? Chi!" Chi was looking straight at Rick like he needed him to understand this.

Rick furrowed his brow, but waited for Chi to explain.

"Don't you get it, 280? I think someone stole our dimension's rank from us. The whole thing may be just one big alphabet soup circle jerk, but it means something. We used to be right up there with the rest of the Grecos, but now being an X is the fucking kiss of death. If someone went through all the trouble of moving our dimensional designation out of the Grecos to shove us all the way to the bottom of the list, then they must've had a pretty damn good reason. They needed to keep us down because they thought we were a threat."

"But a threat to what?"

"That, I don't know," Chi said, running a shaky hand through his hair. "But they obviously did it so that it'd be easier to keep us from doing—doing something. That's the part I can't figure out." He then gave a short chuckle. "But too bad for them, we're a lot tougher than they think."

At least Rick could agree to that. He smiled at his mentor, amused but impressed by his steadfast pride for Dimension X Ricks.

"All right, 280. I'm in."

"Huh? W-wait. You are?"

"I know it's crazy, but if it means making things right again and putting an end to this hierarchy bullshit, then I'll believe you." He leaned forward. "So we've got a possible mind-reading Morty on our hands. What's our first move?"

Pride glowed in Rick's chest to know that Chi was on his side. It reminded him of when they'd teamed up in the past, a freaking force to be reckoned with. "That's where you come in, Chi. You know this place better than me. I need you to be my eyes, help me get a lay of the land."

"Easy enough. You think I've been spending my golden years standing in front of a deep fryer? I've been keeping busy."

"Yeah? You finally perfect your recipe for durite-based explosives?"

Chi chuckled. "And then some."

"Good. First I'll want to cover the lower levels. Specifically, Façade Lounge and the surrounding areas."

A shadow of concern crossed Chi's face. "Tough, but doable. There's some heavily guarded shit down there, but I've seen a fair share of sub-levels 8 and 9. Figure you'd want to start there, looking for—"

"Mouse. Exactly. With the way the Guards were stationed around Façade and the winner's suite, he can't be too far. I need to get back to him and figure out this whole Resonance thing. It's a start, but it could be the key to getting him out of here." It was hard for Rick to hide his eagerness. Just voicing his plan aloud made the whole thing seem more real, and knowing that he was at least one step closer to saving Mouse made his heart swell with hope.

Chi looked at him with a cryptic smile. "Cute," he said softly, then continued. "Now, sub-level 10, however, is a whole other ballgame. They got that place locked up tighter than a Shnixtic's anus."

"Maybe all the more reason to get some eyes down there."

"Oh! That reminds me. Here." Chi held out his hand to Rick. When Rick only looked at it questioningly, Chi rolled his eyes and snatched his hand, quickly interlacing their fingers.

"Whoa! W-what are you doing?" He yelped, blushing at the rash display of intimacy. Then he gradually felt a faint tickle spreading out from where Chi held him and, glancing down, saw a trail of black dots marching dutifully out from under Chi's cuff up his own.

"What the fucking hell!" Panicked, he tried to shake off Chi's grasp, but Chi held firmly.

"Relax. They're a gift." Once the small procession was over, Chi held his hand up to his own face, peering closely at a small black bug perched on his knuckle. "Cute, huh? They're nanos. Built them myself. The little buggers are perfect for reconnaissance, data collection, even demolition." He winked at Rick. "Don't worry. I've already programmed yours to interface with ORA. In an hour they'll be synched via your intranet to accept commands remotely. Just give the order, and they'll carry it out."

"And these bugs are supposed to...help me?" Rick shivered as he felt his new inhabitants crawl steadily up his wrist until they formed a dotted chain around his forearm.

"Oh, ye of little faith. You forget who you're dealing with here? I've known you too long and taught you every goddamn thing you know. Don't think I'd just let you leave without a few tricks up your sleeve." Chi lit another cigarette, grinning at his own clever pun. The same cool and collected calm from before made itself at home on his features as he puffed contentedly on the cig. "So what then, lover boy?"

"W-w-what?" Rick stammered, the blood immediately rushing to his face. "Wh-who-whoever said anything about lo—I don't even know—I mean, it was just one—"

Chi sighed, blowing twin streams of smoke out his nose. "Like I said, 280. I've known you too long." He dropped his cigarette and snuffed it out beneath his heel before standing. "All right. I've got my orders. I'll give you an update in a week. Just keep ORA's frequency open to channel XXN44."

Rick stood in kind to see him off. "Chi—"

"It was good seeing you again, 280. Really good." That same pained look from before swept across Chi's eyes once more. "Watch yourself out there." He held out his arm, bent at the elbow, hand in a fist.

"Jeez, do we really have to do this?" Rick shuffled in place. Passwords, code names, and now secret handshakes? When Chi lifted his brow expectantly, however, Rick mirrored the gesture, and the two bumped the backs of their forearms, creating an X.

Just as Chi turned to depart, Rick glanced up at the silent speaker mounted on the ceiling. He thought quietly for a moment, running the calculations over in his head, before calling out to Chi. "Chi, one last thing. Get me a complete list of all Code Yellow Ricks from the last 15 years."

...

The LED light flickered in its faux wax container, and while it gave off no actual heat, it cast shadows on the walls as artistically as any real candle could. Mama Eun-Rick would have preferred the actual thing, but safety dictated that no open flames be allowed inside personal residences.

She was convinced that the dancing flames highlighted her best features, giving others just enough of a glimpse of her painted lips and stunning eyes, while hiding the wrinkles that were increasingly becoming an eyesore to her. The sterile lights found throughout the Citadel did her looks no favors whatsoever, and she abhorred how they left nothing to the imagination. So all-exposing, so unforgiving.

Mama Eun-Rick observed herself in her bedroom vanity's mirror, turning her face this way and that, trying to find her best angle which seemed to elude her more and more each year. The edges of the vanity were crowded with the small army of flameless candles which gave off a pleasant aroma and mixed seamlessly with her after-shower body wash. Coconut Sunset was her go-to fragrance of late, the scent reminding her of her last vacation on the beaches of Kurtu in the Peleus Galaxy.

"And, by Morty, am I overdue for another one," she pouted in the mirror, prodding at the bags that sat heavy beneath her eyes. Her duties as The One's personal caretaker were beginning to take their toll on her. Gone were the days when she barely had to lift a finger to keep The One in line. A few heavy-handed punishments and stern words, and the brat would be shocked into silence, doing precisely what he was told like a good little doll.

Now, however, the runt was growing into a real pain right up her ass. First there was the uproar at the after-hours Morty Auction, then the botched session with the winning Rick, then that—that tantrum he threw before his second client arrived.

She wished she could say she was at a loss as to what had gotten into the boy, but the sudden rebellious streak didn't exactly come as a surprise.

Sighing heavily, Mama Eun-Rick cracked open the massive tome resting between her elbows and began flipping to where a tassled bookmark sat nestled between the pages. Brightly colored tabs stuck out along the edges of the yellowed and brittle paper, marking select passages that required additional attention, and her handwritten annotations covered every inch of the margins. She ran one long finger down the page, her acrylic fingernail scratching uncomfortably against the parchment, before finally tapping it on the latest passage she'd been decoding.

The book's small script was incredibly neat and would have passed for printed letters if not for the subtle fluctuations in the ink's tone, which varied from black to a rosy pink. In places where moisture had seeped into the paper, the letters had burst free of their trim outlines to form red starbursts across the page.

Mama Eun-Rick wrinkled her nose as she skimmed the water-logged page, trying and failing to repress the wave of nausea that hit her whenever she looked at those red splotches. She did her best to avoid the pages where they appeared, hating to be reminded of the unsettling truth behind their author. As she tried to focus on the scripture listed beneath Song of Mortys—by far the most challenging chapter to get through on account of the many convoluted metaphors—Mama Eun-Rick's mind wandered back to the day she'd first come across the book.

Back then, she wasn't known as Mama Eun-Rick, but went by her stage name instead—Rickochet. After one particularly dead night at the club, she'd gone home with a client, looking to earn a few extra credits the easy way, and had wound up alone in his living room, admiring a stunning view of the Citadel atrium while he lay inebriated and unconscious in the bathroom. Not one to turn her nose up at the finer things in life, she'd indulged herself with a tour of his flat, helping herself to his liquor cabinet and interdimensional cable until she came across the room at the end of the hall.

Mama Eun-Rick could still remember the sickening smell of rot and human feces that struck her when she'd opened the door. She was convinced that something had died in there, and she was about to flee for help when she saw the small figure huddled in the corner.

It was a Morty. But like no Morty she'd ever seen. The boy looked half-dead, emaciated and motionless as he lay in his own mess on the floor. Clutched in his spindly hands was the book, and Mama Eun-Rick remembered her horror when she'd realized he'd gnawed his fingertip to the bone to write the small letters in his own blood.

The events of the rest of that night went swiftly. Her client was arrested for damaging Citadel property, the Morty was given medical attention but died in transport, and Mama Eun-Rick suddenly found herself the owner of the mysterious book.

The Book of Morty.

At first, she didn't think much of it. It was an impressive piece of craftsmanship, and how a kid that age had managed to put it together, much less fill its 400-plus pages with the kind of language it had, still baffled Mama Eun-Rick.

On the surface, the book seemed straightforward enough. In the same vein of many religious texts, it was a conglomerate of lessons, often told as parables, to other Mortys on what was deemed as the "true and proper" way to live. Things like playtime, self-love—which Mama Eun-Rick eventually figured out referred exclusively to masturbation—and daydreaming were touted as wholesome pastimes that should be fulfilled in order for a Morty to achieve self-actualization.

It described all Mortys from all dimensions as united in their innate purity, a purity which was constantly under threat of being tarnished by Ricks. Ricks, according to the Book of Morty, were misguided creatures that fed on corruption and destruction, and who needed a savior to reach their own enlightenment. But as for how exactly, Mama Eun-Rick was still no closer to figuring that part out.

Only once she'd begun to read it in its entirety, however, had the full magnitude of the book's importance come to light. Amidst the lessons and warnings, the book also told the story of one particular Morty. The One True Morty.

This One True Morty, who was taken from his home and forced to endure a life of pain and suffering at the hands of Ricks, was painted as a larger-than-life figure. Colorful excerpts described his brainwaves as "a sun reaching far beyond the cosmos," and himself as borne of abilities that were both a "blessing and a curse." It went on to say that The One True Morty would eventually lead all Mortys to salvation in what was called the Great Morty Exodus.

But that was where Mama Eun-Rick had stopped reading. The story, while somewhat interesting, was too far-fetched to give it any real credit, and no matter how fanciful it was, it didn't pay the bills.

Besides, Ricks weren't all that bad, were they?

Without putting any more thought toward it, she had left the book to collect dust on her shelf, and there it stayed relatively undisturbed for years before demanding Mama Eun-Rick's attention again.

At that time, Mama Eun-Rick had gotten into the habit of visiting the upper levels of the Citadel to slip into bed with a high-ranking Guard. He was a kinky motherfucker, but he treated Mama Eun-Rick well and even spoiled her on occasion with lavish jewelry. He was also quite the talker and tended to run his mouth off to her about work, whether or not she was even listening.

When he'd blabbed on about the Council's long-range surveillance program, Mama Eun-Rick had been more interested in admiring her new earrings in the reflection of her lover's chrome dildo. But the moment he'd remarked about their latest readings, she'd frozen.

"You wouldn't believe the size of these brainwaves that came through. None of the techies had ever seen anything like it before! Honestly, they thought it might've been a solar flare, it was so powerful. They just couldn't figure out what could possibly reach that far out into the middle of space."

Mama Eun-Rick had to chuckle now as she thought of how difficult it'd once been for her to interpret the Book of Morty correctly, to see all the prophetic messages in it that were coming true around her. Now it was second nature for her to read the signs.

The kidnapping, the arrangement with the GF, the Morty Auction, even the most recent disruption with the X-Rick and The One's abrupt change in behavior... Everything had been right there. She only had to decipher it.

When she'd come to the Council with the book clasped against her chest, she'd almost lost her nerve at the door. But if there was one thing Rickochet could do well, it was convince people to believe the unbelievable. Luckily for her, her reading of The One's coming was spot-on.

At her advice, the Council took The One and exploited his "talents" to the tune of rampant success, while Mama Eun-Rick, for her part, did much the same.

Personal Caretaker. The title had been her own idea, and with it, she cinched herself as an indispensable component of The One's captivity. She had financial security, limitless access throughout the Citadel, and higher rank than even the Captain of the Guard. She and her select team of Eun-Ricks—another gimmick she'd devised to build The One's mystique—lived comfortably in the Council's good graces, a lifestyle she'd grown quite accustomed to.

But it could all be taken away in a heartbeat if she didn't maintain control over The One.

Presently, Mama Eun-Rick was poring over a series of passages that had taken on a whole new meaning with the introduction of the X-Rick. They related snippets of events to take place between The One and his so-called Counterpart, and while the language still cast some ambiguity to their meaning, Mama Eun-Rick felt that at this point it was safe to assume the book was, indeed, referring to Rick of X-280.

Borne of misfortune, borne of lies; two become one in all Ricks' eyes.

Look to the eighth composite number of the 43-aliquot tree and you shall find The One True Morty. Look to the quinary 2110, and you shall find—here, the rest of the text was again ruined beyond comprehension.

That which had been denied Him would be their own undoing by His Counterpart's hand. Like a great tidal wave, it would cleanse the land.

As shadow bringeth light and fire bringeth life, his Counterpart would stir within The One untold wonders.

The last of the scriptures was by far the most difficult to grasp. She nibbled at her thumbnail, mulling over her options. So far, she'd done everything in her power to actually prevent the events of the Book of Morty from coming true. Every decision she'd made on how to raise The One had been designed with the intention of directly contradicting the teachings of the book.

When the book described The One True Morty as being "surrounded by the love of his own kind," she'd ordered that The One be sequestered from all other Mortys. When it said he was "free from vanity," she'd ordered that he be primped regularly and that his hair be grown out. Where self-love was celebrated, she forbade The One from even touching himself.

But it seemed no matter what course of action she took, the prophecies inevitably took shape, and it was becoming harder and harder to counter them. And now she was beginning to wonder if she even should deny the message of that last reading.

She groaned just thinking of how Riq IV would react to the news. His orders to her had been concise: Report any relevant information from the book pertaining to The One. And, to her credit, Mama Eun-Rick had been diligent in this regard. Riq may not always believe every bit of it, but she still had a duty to inform him.

If her interpretation of the reading was correct, then it was essentially saying that the X-Rick needed to continue whatever he had started with The One in order for them to obtain his "untold wonders," whatever the hell that meant. Despite Riq's unhealthy obsession when it came to The One, Mama Eun-Rick knew that Riq would be willing to do anything if it meant having his precious little plaything spin him even more spools of gold.

Massaging her temples in preparation for the impending headache, she stood from the vanity table and walked to the video communicator positioned by her bed. She didn't even consider the time. Riq always seemed to be up, regardless of what hour she contacted him, so she input a call to his direct line and half-wished that he wouldn't pick up.

On the second ring, the video monitor came to life. Only Riq's face was weakly illuminated by the light of the monitor, the rest of his chambers cloaked in darkness. Mama Eun-Rick could tell he was shirtless and his hair mussed up, but his voice came through as clear and sharp as usual.

"What is it?"

"Master Riq, my liege, I have consulted the book." This was how she always began any correspondence relating to the Book of Morty, a way to gauge Riq's disposition before continuing.

"Go on." Acid burned at the edges of his words.

She worried her hands in her lap, out of sight from the monitor, and continued in a shaky voice. "Under advisement of the book, I believe that—that is to say, it would seem that The One should be allowed to—m-must continue to associate with the X-Rick." She paused, watching Riq's face as it contorted into something inhuman.

"If you're suggesting that we let a thieving X-Rick—"

She hurried onward. "M-my liege, if you wish to unlock untold wonders of The One, this must be allowed to happen. The book does not say what must occur between them, but I am afraid the X-Rick is key to realizing The One's true potential." Those words never failed to catch Riq's attention. Since the moment she'd first insinuated that there was more to The One than the Epiphanies, Riq had become fixated on it. She continued. "L-let us not forget, my liege, the book promises even greater gifts from The One than what you have already seen. We may only be scratching the surface with the Epiphanies. Just imagine what more could lie within." She knew to choose her words carefully, the double entendre sure to arouse Riq's baser interests.

Riq turned away for a moment, giving Mama Eun-Rick a clear view of what could only be blood on his neck. He seemed to be gathering his thoughts before he turned back to her. "Your advice will be taken under consideration." This too was a template response, but Mama Eun-Rick internally relaxed, feeling like she'd just dodged the guillotine.

"Thank you, my liege." She placed a hand dramatically over her chest. "I live only to serve—"

But Riq had already cut the connection, the screen going black, and she was left staring at her reflection in the dead monitor.

"Asshole."

...

"Whiskey. Straight." Rick leaned heavily over the bar's counter to be heard over the bustle of the lounge. "Make it a double," he added, as he pulled his Elite membership card from his jumpsuit.

"We got Scotch, Xaqar, Irish—"

"You got any Tennessee?" At the bartender's curt nod, Rick continued, "I'll have one of those." When he offered his card to make the purchase, however, the bartender only shook his head.

"No charge, sir," he said, sliding the drink to Rick.

Rick raised his tumbler in a show of thanks before throwing back half of its contents. He swirled the remaining amber liquor in its glass as he looked over his shoulder to survey the lounge's patrons, already feeling the liquid courage soothe his nerves.

Sharply dressed Ricks congregated at the small tables and booths, bursts of their boisterous laughter backdropped by the rich piano chords that flowed from the speakers. Only a handful of the room's attendees were actually participating in the ongoing auction, the rest—clearly Elite, by the way they flaunted their black cards—blatantly ignoring the auctioneer's trumpeting onstage. In between genial toasts, they stole quick glances at their neighbors, sizing them up like opponents in the ring.

There was no question what was on their minds: the after-hoursMorty Auction.

It'd already been a week since Rick first stepped foot in Façade, seven days that he'd waited and watched and whiled away his time in preparation for tonight, for his chance to see Mouse again. Now that he was finally here, his eagerness was only outmatched by his wariness of the auction itself. It was the one thing that stood between him and Mouse, and the buildup of anticipation set his teeth on edge. After dumping more than half of his cash reserves into the last auction, Rick didn't know if he could handle another pissing contest with a rival high roller looking to stake a claim.

He couldn't risk losing. Fuck waiting another week.

It'll all come down to this, Rick thought, tapping the black card absentmindedly against his bottom lip.

Insane how a simple piece of plastic could dictate so much of his personal freedom. It simultaneously granted him free rein to indulge in the Citadel's high-class amenities, while it also, in no uncertain terms, bound him to the Council's whims.

Over the course of the past week, he'd enjoyed many of the perks offered by his faux Elite status—rich accommodations, discounted or sometimes free services—but it also meant having to endure an insufferable amount of scrutiny by the Council's toadies. Like overly attentive waiters, they checked in on Rick with annoying frequency, delivering lavish gift baskets of Serpa Capellan delicacies—always with a baggie of black-market Glazoxx tucked away at the bottom—tickets for front row seats to the Morty Games, and even the occasional Morty prostitute.

Without exception, he left every "gift" untouched outside his suite door.

Rick knew that the officials' visits weren't so much about making him feel valued as an Elite, as they were simply an excuse to keep tabs on him. Their daily reports of his funds were always accompanied by invitations to the public Morty Auctions, though he had no interest in spending a single credit there—a fact that irked them to no end—and Rick never failed to miss the way they tailed him at a distance wherever he went. While not the best P.I.s, they were damned persistent. Aside from the first day he'd managed to sneak down to sub-level 6 to see Chi, Rick hadn't been given a minute to himself. He was constantly under surveillance, both in and out of his personal suite.

More often than not, the chain that tethered the card around his neck felt more like a shackle.

"Where's a Rick gotta go to get some privacy?" Rick grumbled into his glass before taking another swig.

"Ah kin think of a few places, pardner," a husky voice drawled low and sultry in his ear, as a hand made itself at home on the small of Rick's back. Rick startled, choking on his drink and spraying it all over the unsuspecting bartender. Whipping around, he fisted the stranger's shirt in one hand while digging the edge of the Elite card—the only weapon available—into his neck.

"Look here, pal. Who do you think—" He stopped short, blinking quickly. "You again?"

It was the cowboy Rick from before. The same red hat, the same spurred boots, even the same hefty belt buckle which glowed hot red beneath Façade's crimson lights. Rick glared up at him as he wiped the back of his hand across his wet chin. "W-what the fuAAUGHck do you want?"

"Whoa, whoa there. Why so ornery?" the Rick asked, raising his hands. He gently plucked Rick's fingers from his chest where they were curled into his bolo tie and added with a chuckle, "Seems e'ry time we's meet, yer smartin' tah trade fists with me."

"Yeah, well, when you sneak up on someone, y-you tend to get that kind of reaction," Rick snapped, finally relinquishing the pressure on the cowboy's jugular and turning away angrily.

"Now, hold up there, pardner." He looped an arm smoothly around Rick, corralling him back to the counter before he could escape. Rick tensed as he felt the thick cords of muscle hidden beneath his button-down. "Ah jus' came tah make a propah introduction." He tapped his card on the bar top to get the bartender's attention. "Rick's the name"—yeah, no shit—"and ol' C-165's the claim."

With a decidedly exasperated sigh, Rick eyed the open seats along the bar. He ground out his next words, "Look, Rick Rogers. Don't get me wrong. I appreciate what you did for me last time, but I'm not here to—I'm not interested in making friends, so do us both a favor and get lost."

C-165 raised his brow, a lopsided grin quirking his lips. "Well, if'n that don't beat all! 'Rick Rogers'? Ne'er took you fer the ribbin' sort!" He laughed loudly before turning to the bartender. "Sorry 'bout that, bahkeep. But soons you git yerself tidied up, ya minds fetchin' 'im another, lessee—" he delicately sniffed Rick's cheek, making him flinch again. "Ten'see? Bett'r yet, make that two."

The bartender shot Rick a dirty look but filled the order without complaint. This time, he accepted the black card that C-165 handed to him.

"Don't we—I thought Elite drink for free," Rick mumbled, taking the proffered drink with some hesitation.

C-165 smiled, not looking at Rick as he retrieved his card after it had been swiped. "Summus pay. Summus don't. Summus—" He let the sentence hang unfinished and merely lifted his own glass to clink it against Rick's in a toast.

Rick furrowed his brow, unsure of what to make of the statement. He eyed him cautiously as he took a swig of the whiskey, wondering for the briefest moment if he'd possibly been slipped a roofie.

As though picking up on his suspicion, C-165 guffawed. "Aw, ya ain't got no reason tah worry 'bout me, pardner. Friend or no friend, ahm on yer side." He leaned his back on the bar and gestured with his chin to the stage where Auctioneer Rick was just wrapping up another low-balled bid on a Shadow Morty. "Ya aimin' tah play?"

Rick gave a shrug. "Maybe. What's it to you?"

C-165 grinned into his drink. "Figur'd ya weren't ready tah call it quits after last time. What with—" he paused, frowning. "Well, ah'll be tha first tah say, if that ain't the most aggravatin' thing that kin happen to a Rick."

When Rick just eyed him askance, C-165 elaborated.

"Aw, hell. The Council, good as their intentions may be, still tweren't very gentleman-like tah cut yous outta yer time with The One. 'Specially after you'd won it, fair's fair."

Rick nearly spit up his drink again. "W-wait. How—how did you know about that?"

"Hoo-wie!" C-165 slapped Rick hard on the back. "You playin' possum with me? E'rybody's wisen'd up to it, pardner. News travels fast'r'n green grass through a goose with the Elite. After that-there show you put on fer us last time, you kin bet yer last schmeckle you's got the attention o' e'ry Elite in here. And it ain't jus' on account o' yer britches, plain as they's may be." He nodded to Rick's chest, implying the worn jumpsuit he'd finally retrieved from laundry. "Yep. There's sum damn fine fellers rootin' fer ya tonight. But ya best be 'spectin' sum others are still mighty sore."

"Is—is that right?" Rick replied, trying to come off as unconcerned even as a sliver of unease needled at him.

"Either way, sumthin tells me tonight's gonna be yer night."

With a good-natured wink and bump of their glasses, C-165 pushed off from the bar and was swallowed up by the crowd. The minute he was gone, Rick's shoulders drooped. His muscles had been wound tight during the short exchange, and Rick realized with a wry grin that he often felt as skittish within the Citadel as he had in prison. Had he just traded one set of bars for another?

Before he could dwell on the sobering metaphor any longer, a resounding double-clap yanked Rick's attention to the stage where Auctioneer Rick was announcing the end of the public auction.

So it begins.

There was a clamor of griping throughout the room, and Rick watched warily as a pack of Guard Ricks began sniffing out the non-Elite patrons and herding them out the door. For once, Rick was thankful for his membership card, as he clutched it to his chest like a shield and glared over the rim of his glass at the forced exodus. When a Guard prowled too close for his liking, he bristled, instinctively running through a list of possible combat scenarios. But the Guard passed over him with hardly a glance to eject a common-Rick at the end of the bar instead.

Once Façade was left in the hands of the Elite, the atmosphere prickled with tension, and Rick shivered involuntarily when the lights dimmed and a smothering hush overtook the lounge. Auctioneer Rick stood center stage, a single spotlight illuminating him and one raised hand poised as though to soothe or strike his congregation. His movements were mesmerizing, and he looked so in control that Rick was momentarily awestruck by the eccentric MC. He had missed the beginning of the auction last time, and he quickly found himself spellbound as Auctioneer Rick launched into his elegant introduction from behind the podium.

Rick considered himself familiar enough with the stately veneer that surrounded the Elite, but now hearing those same deferential praises directed at him made it another matter entirely. The finesse of Auctioneer Rick's words was enthralling in a way that was both strangely comforting and insidiously addictive, and Rick felt himself lulled deeper and deeper into the world that he'd only paraded around in as a visitor.

A Rick could get used to this, he mused, dismissing the whisper of guilt behind that thought.

His reverie was cut short, however, when two sets of hands suddenly gripped him brusquely about the arms.

"What the—" he started to shout, but was quickly silenced by a palm over his mouth. Someone swooped in to pluck the drink from his hand as he was summarily dragged away from the bar. He tried to dig his heels into the carpeting, but the unseen abductors only hoisted him higher, indifferent to his struggles. He all but froze when twin voices rasped into his ears in stereo.

"Best you mind yourself, Xsss-Rick."

"B-b-best you m-m-mind yourself."

Rick jerked his head to either side to find a pair of identical Elite Ricks dutifully marching him forward. Even though all Ricks were intrinsically similar, he was still stunned by this duo's uncanny likeness, from their trimmed hair—parted to opposite sides and glistening with scented pomade—to their matching light-gray sharkskin suits, to their diamond-studded belts. But that was where the similarities ended. One's face was twisted into a bitter scowl; the other's, pinched tight with worry that seemed permanently etched into his brow.

"After the fiasssco you pulled last time, our dear brother insssisted..." the one on his left hissed into his ear.

"...that y-you g-g-get a front row seat," the other finished.

Abruptly, they deposited him at a table by the stage, gliding into their own seats to cage him in. In spite of their wiry frames, the twins were surprisingly sturdy as they dug their fingers into Rick's shoulders like hooks, anchoring him to the spot.

"Yessss. You won't want to miss this, Xsss-Rick."

The table sat just outside the stage's ring of light, hiding it in shadow while still giving them an unhindered view of the events onstage. Auctioneer Rick was in the middle of outlining the contractual terms of the auction at this point, and though Rick found the legalese itself telling, he had the distinct feeling this wasn't what the twins wanted him to see. Even when the hand was removed from his mouth, Rick kept his tone low.

"Look, whatever game you creeps are playing at—"

"No g-g-game here, X-Rick. Y-your first mistake w-was trumping dear brother's b-b-bid. And now you have to p-p-pay the price." The more timid of the twins' hands were shaking where they gripped Rick.

Holy shit. If it isn't Mr. Double-Chin's stooges. He'd barely paid them any mind back when he was locked in the bidding war with ?-531, but now C-165's warning filtered through his mind.

Ya best be 'spectin' sum others are still mighty sore.

"All right, Jekyll and Hyde," Rick snorted softly. "Lemme guess. You two are gonna bid by proxy and win back that fat aAUGHss's honor?"

?-532 leaned in close, his chuckle coming out more like a growl next to Rick's earlobe, "Oh, pleassssse. Why should we have to bother winning..."

"...w-w-when our dear brother already had his t-t-time with The One?"

A hairline crack ran through Rick's composure. "W-w-what are you—what are you talking about? In case you morons forgot, the winning bid was—"

"But did you really think they'd waste a session on some ssskeevy X-Rick?" ?-532 pinched the back of Rick's neck, forcing him to look him in the eyes. "It wasn't even an hour before they dragged your sorry carcass from the winner's ssssuite." He smirked as a look of doubt swept Rick's face. "Wrote you off as little more than a clerical error, if memory sssserves."

"You're full of shit," Rick snapped back. "The Council, they—I-I talked with them myself. We got the whole thing sorted out."

"But d-d-did you ever think of w-what became of The One?"

Rick stiffened, oblivious to the fiendish grin the twins shared behind him.

?-530 continued, his unctuous voice seeping into Rick like a winter freeze through splintered stone, forcing open his fears inch by inch. "Stupid X-Rick. S-s-s-stupid, stupid X-Rick. The C-Council likes to keep their f-favorites happy. Of course th-they granted B-Brother a full session that night."

"Why else do you think our brother'ssss not here? He's off-station negotiating with the Gromflomites over his latest invention as we sssspeak," ?-532 whispered. "Seems he got quite a few worthwhile Epiphaniessss."

Before Rick could devise a comeback, Auctioneer Rick's voice boomed from the stage, his dry dictation replaced by a sudden zeal. "And now, gentle-Rick, The One you've all been waiting for!" He thrust a hand dramatically toward the rear of the stage, commandeering the patrons' attention. Every Rick in the room sucked in a communal breath as the curtain lifted and The One stepped wearily out into the spotlight.

The twins released their hold on him, and Rick rose shakily to his feet, drawn toward Mouse like a star falling victim to a black hole's gravitational pull.

Mouse looked even smaller than Rick remembered. His eyes were unfocused and listless, and he was wheezing like his lungs were too weak to draw in a proper breath. He was escorted to the front of the stage by a Guard Rick and Eun-Rick with red heels and large gold hoop earrings. Rick recognized her immediately as the frazzled Mama Eun-Rick who had accosted him in the hallway shortly after his arrest. The two each had a hand on Mouse's shoulders, and Rick realized with a stab of dread that they were the only things holding Mouse upright.

Around Rick, other Elite began pushing their way to the front, murmuring their wonder at the extraordinary reaction provoked by Mouse's presence. Rick couldn't tell if it was an encroaching Epiphany or the relief of seeing Mouse again that made his eyes water.

The ? twins also stood to follow Rick, circling him in a serpentine weave as they goaded him on.

"That's it, Xsss-Rick."

"There's y-your precious little M-M-Morty."

Onstage, Auctioneer Rick was beckoning Mama Eun-Rick to his side. He made a show of taking her hand and bowing low to kiss it, but she only rolled her eyes testily before yanking it back and crossing her arms. At Auctioneer Rick's signal, the Guard Rick moved behind Mouse, pinning one of the boy's limp arms behind his back.

"Jusssst imagine what our brother must've done..."

"...t-t-to get those Epiphanies."

Suddenly, the Guard Rick wrenched Mouse's arm up brutally. Mouse's entire body spasmed and he cried out loudly, but his voice was drowned out by the swell of gratified sighs that spread throughout the assembly.

Positioned so close to the stage, Rick and his captors were hit full-force by the Epiphany, and Rick gritted his teeth as his brain was inundated with ideas that had previously eluded him. Dream-recording devices, quadruplethink, selective nerve gas, audible autocorrect. Formulas that'd once been cast in darkness were now bathed in light like a curtain had been pulled to the side. He was stunned at how his mind felt so sharp, so clean. Shining.

"Another one."

Rick barely heard Auctioneer Rick's order, but he felt its effect when the Guard Rick hoisted Mouse's small form up even higher by his wrung arm, threatening to break it.

For a moment, Rick could only stare into the middle distance, dazed by the strength of the second wave. Still circling him, the twins were unfazed by the jolt to their own intelligence, the Epiphany causing only a minute tremor over their frames before they shrugged it off. They were far more taken by Rick's compromised state instead.

"That's right. Feelssss good, doesn't it?"

"Imagine w-what more you could have. C-claim him as your prize. M-m-make him serve you."

The Epiphany, while intense, faded quickly like a fire gobbling up a too-small supply of kindling, and Rick nearly moaned, overtaken by the urge to prolong it. He'd bumbled his way, inexperienced and clumsy, through the first Epiphany that had hit him during the Guards' raid, but tonight his mind felt wholly attuned to the effect, ready to latch on and devour it. And now that he'd had a taste, he was hungry for more.

If this was what Epiphanies could be like, it was no wonder the Elite paid hand over fist for them. And imagine if they were evoked by his own hand...

"Again," Auctioneer Rick said, ignoring the lusty exhalations that sang from the audience. The Guard Rick did a double take, hesitating as though they were breaking some established routine. Then he seemed to find himself again and raised his gloved hand to strike Mouse, when Rick yelled from his spot on the floor.

"That's enough!" Rick's fists trembled at his sides, betraying his boiling rage.

Not accustomed to dealing with interruptions during his demonstration, Auctioneer Rick glanced quickly at Mama Eun-Rick before addressing the Elite. "Gentle-Rick." He spread his arms wide, drawing their attention away from Rick's untimely outburst and guiding them back under his siren's call. "Gentle-Rick, it seems that one of us is a bit too eager to get started. Guess someone never heard of 'good things come to those who wait,' hm?" His forced laugh garnered a few strained chuckles about the room, but did little to assuage their foul moods for having been shaken from their post-Epiphany afterglows.

Gripping the edges of the podium, Auctioneer Rick peered down his nose at Rick. "Very well, sir. Shall we start the bidding at one hundred thou—"

Rick stormed up to the stage and yanked his card free from its chain to hold it high overhead. "One million!" An incredulous gasp, rife with profanities, ripped through the crowd, but Rick remained unmoved, as his eyes stayed locked on Auctioneer Rick, daring him to challenge the bid. "I bid one million for The One," he said again, each word sharp enough to cut.

Elite Ricks gave visceral snarls, throwing their drinks to the floor and hurling insults at Rick's back as they booed. The bid sat well above what any one of them could afford, automatically cutting them from the auction before it had even properly begun. Those who had come looking for the thrill of the chase felt cheated, and they rallied against Auctioneer Rick, accusing him of running a scam.

With ophidian grace, the ? twins slid up to either side of Rick, their taunts snaking into his ear beneath the blare of the contentious mob.

"S-spoken like a t-t-true Elite, X-Rick."

"You're practically one of usssss." It was the last thing Rick heard before they slinked away.

Auctioneer Rick looked plaintively at Mama Eun-Rick for some assistance, but she just shook her head. With a weary sigh, Auctioneer Rick checked the registered amount on his tablet and began the countdown, "One million going once..."

"One'n a half million." The jangle of spurs sounded behind Rick as C-165 sauntered up beside him. Rick looked at him aghast, but C-165 only returned a gleeful smile, tapping his chin with his card.

"T-two million!" Rick shouted, determined not to be beaten. He looked hurriedly between C-165 and Mouse whose limp form was now being cradled in the Guard's arms. Not tonight. Not tonight! Screw-all what happens in the next auction, just please not tonight!

C-165 gave a long, low whistle. Hooking his thumbs over his belt, he kicked bashfully at the floor with the heel of his boot. The Elite, now torn between their deep-seated respect for C-165 and their dismay at the state of the auction, stilled in anticipation of what the cowboy's next move would be.

Finally, after throwing an amused smirk at Mama Eun-Rick's murderous glare, C-165 shrugged and waved his hands. "Aw, hell. Who'm ah kiddin'? This's too rich fer mah blood."

The gavel cracked down on the podium before anyone could even react. Auctioneer Rick barreled through the countdown in record speed as a roar of indignation erupted from the audience. "Two million going once, twice, sold to Rick of Dimension X-280! That concludes tonight's auction, gentle-Rick. Thank you and goodnight!" Spinning his finger in the sign for "wrap it up," the Guard Ricks swiftly advanced on the tumultuous riot, forming a human wall between Rick and the Elite who looked only too eager to tear him to shreds.

Sidling up to Rick, C-165 gave him a congenial pat on the shoulder. "Told ya it was yer lucky night, pardner," he said, before tipping his hat once more and disappearing into the fray.

Alone in the eye of the storm, Rick kept his gaze on the stage where Mouse had been just moments earlier. In the span of time it took for Auctioneer Rick to close out the auction, Mouse was promptly carried backstage again, leaving Rick to contend with his shot nerves.

What had gotten into him? He hadn't intended to blow through the remainder of his funds like that. He was supposed to follow the plan: feel out his competitors, dole out his bids wisely, and save his trump card for the last minute. Instead, he'd laid the plan to waste in his Gadarene rush. Now there was no doubt in his mind that another victory would be next to impossible.

Beneath it all, however, a glimmer of hope leapt for Rick's attention. He had won. For the second time running, he had won the Morty Auction and had the rest of the night to spend uninterrupted with Mouse. The thought alone wrapped around Rick like a protective ward, and his heart pounded at the feeling of invincibility that coursed through him.

He felt like a man with nothing to lose.

"You've got a lot of nerve, X-Rick, to show your mug around here again." ?-669's taunt broke through his solace. Looking over his shoulder, Rick saw the pompous Elite, along with his familiar lackey, heading his way. They'd managed to slip through the Guards' line of defense, and the way they were approaching Rick made it clear their intentions were anything but wholesome.

Rick gave a heavy sigh, not turning to face him. "Walk away now, ?."

?-669 stumbled slightly at the mention of his dimension but recovered quickly. "S-so someone's told you about me. Should've taken it as a warning." He smirked.

"I mean it," Rick said, his voice emotionless. "You'll walk away now, if you know what's good for you."

The Elite scoffed, "Is that a threat?" He paused to stay his partner, ?, who was already cracking his knuckles, eager to deliver a beating. Crossing his arms, he continued, "Those are some pretty tough words coming from a pathetic X-Rick. The Morty Auction must've gone to your head if you think you can talk to me that way. Well, I've got news for you. I'm one of the Council's favorites. And they don't take kindly to criminals messing with their favorites."

Rick turned his head to look at the Elite from the corner of his eye.

"That's right. You're just a criminal. A lying, cheating criminal." ?-669 continued, brandishing his hand through the air. "How else could you have gotten your hands on that amount of credits? It's the only real explanation. And once I tell the Council about it, they'll cancel your winning bid." ?-669 grinned wider when Rick finally faced him. "And guess what'll happen then. The One will be up for bid again, and who knows? Maybe I'll be generous with myown funds. Really give him a ride—"

His rant was abruptly smashed to pieces when Rick's fist connected with his face. Skin split, teeth shattered, and ?-669 was knocked to the ground in an unseemly heap.

? watched in shock, unable or just unwilling to step forward as Rick stooped down and yanked ?-669 up by his lapels. Crouched over his waist, Rick pulled his fist back and began punching him again and again and again.

"You seriously. Think the Council. Gives a shit. About you?" Rick spat between punches. Each blow earned him a satisfying smack of bloody flesh and fractured bone as he bashed in ?-669's zygomatic arch and pummeled his eye beyond recognition.

He couldn't remember the last time he'd felt so free, all the pent-up frustration of having to play by everyone else's rules finally released like an animal set loose from its chains. Any respect he thought he'd held, however fleeting, for the Elite was chipped away with every blow, until he was seeing them for what they really were: Self-seeking Ricks hiding behind their dimension-given privilege.

Blood was gushing in a torrent from ?-669's crushed nose, staining his suit red, and the Elite gargled pathetically as he tried to fend off Rick's attacks with uncoordinated flails of his hands.

"?! ?!" he howled, bloodied spittle flying. "Don't just stand there! Help me, goddammit!" His voice cracked.

Rick shot ? a threatening look, but it was apparent the grunt had already given up all thoughts of possibly intervening. Ganging up on a common-Rick down on his luck was one thing, but he wasn't prepared to deal with one who actually fought back. He'd gotten too complacent in his cushioned status as an Elite, and now he was sorely out of his comfort zone.

"No use cryin' for help, ?," Rick said, patting him on the cheek and making him flinch. "This is between you and me." He took a moment to stand and crack his back from hunching over for so long. ?-669 immediately rolled onto his stomach and began shimmying away, desperate to put some space between himself and his attacker. Blood dripped down his jaw to leave a trail of red breadcrumbs.

"Not so fast, buddy," Rick tsked, circling around to ?-669's side and giving him a swift kick in the ribs. ?-669 wretched as his diaphragm constricted and he clawed futilely at the ground.

"Why..." he sniveled. "Why are you doing this? Y-you're fucking crazy!"

"What's the matter? I thought you liked me feisty."

A glint of sour realization flickered over ?-669's battered face. "N-no. You can't be—"

Rick planted a foot squarely on his back before he could finish, pinning him down with a grunt. As ?-669 wheezed, Rick skirted his hands along his jacket, quickly finding his membership card tucked away in his breast pocket. He waved it in his face before stepping back.

"Hey!" ?-669 twisted around to watch Rick, his one good eye locked onto the card in his hand. "D-don't you fucking touch that! That's mine!"

"What, this?" Rick snapped the thin plastic in half and flung the shards in ?-669's face. "Oops."

An angry flush traveled up the Elite's throat and cheeks. "You! You're—you're nothing but a—!"

Rick only smirked down at him, his eyes steely.

"That's right. I'm a fucking abomination."

...

Mouse's mind was spinning, a kaleidoscope of fractured images and distorted sounds assailing his senses as he lay in the in-between, not quite dreaming and yet far from fully awake. His body felt cocooned in a haze, half-registering the world as though through a mesh gauze.

His last solid memory was of Mama Eun-Rick coming to his room and ordering him to take twice his regular dosage. He'd resisted but eventually choked down the bitter pills. After that, there was only the feeling of being lifted, carried, and then finally, mercifully laid down. Something—something horrible had happened between then and now, but he couldn't grasp exactly what it was. All he could remember were blinding lights and an animal trying to viciously tear off his arm.

He groaned unconsciously at the faint memory and nuzzled deeper into the pillow, the satin cool against his overheated skin. Satin, sweet smells, warmth. He was in the winner's suite, that much he could decipher, and the recognition sent a shiver of terror down his spine.

Now disembodied voices drifted in and out of his periphery.

"Why is he like this?"

"Master, I assure you the effects are only temporary. The One was uncharacteristically agitated tonight. This is guaranteed to make him more cooperative for your session." Even in his heavily sedated state, he could recognize Mama Eun-Rick's affected tone.

"So you drugged him?"

Whoever she was with sounded angry. There were more words, then the slam of a door, the noises blurring into a rabble that scraped Mouse like broken glass. But in the next minute, the room fell quiet and he felt the bed dip as someone sat down beside him.

He's here to hurt me, Mouse thought weakly. His body tensed and he tried, tried so hard to rouse himself to get away, but he only managed to let out a whimper.

A hand was placed on Mouse's forehead and someone tsked, "How much did they freaking give him?" Then, gentler, "Don't worry, Mouse. You'll be okay. I'm here."

Rick.

He forced his eyes open just enough to see Rick watching him closely. His face was hazy around the edges in the dim light, but Mouse could see the small smile curved on his lips and his brow creased with worry. He must've said something because Rick chuckled and said, "Told you I would."

Rick disappeared from sight, but before Mouse could protest, he was back and his lips were pressed to Mouse's.

They were cool and wet, and Mouse found himself parting his lips without thinking, eager to drink Rick in. Rick's tongue slipped inside, and Mouse moaned as a stream of liquid dribbled into his waiting mouth. It tasted surprisingly tart, if not a little citrusy, and he scrunched his face at the flavor.

"Swallow."

Mouse drank down the strange-tasting liquid, feeling a peculiar chill spread through his chest as it worked its way down to his stomach. There, it sent a radiating burst along his nerves which extended to the very tips of his fingers. He blinked rapidly, feeling much more awake than he had even a moment ago, and immediately attempted to sit upright. He'd only made it a few inches before dropping his head back again, dizzy.

Rick laughed softly above him. "Not so fast, killer. Give it a minute. They stuffed you full of that sedative shit. The antidote's going to take some time."

"H-how did you— But where—" He put a shaky hand to his head, feeling the cloud of sleepiness clear with every passing moment.

"I know you've got a lotta questions, Mouse." Rick turned back from whatever he had been doing out of sight and framed Mouse with his hands where he lay. "But don't worry—"

Before he could get another word out, Mouse threw himself into Rick's chest, grabbing onto the front of his jumpsuit like he were a lifeline. Mouse. He'd been so afraid he'd never hear someone call him by that name again.

"Y-you're...you're really my Rick, r-r-right?" he said, his voice wrung. The Guards were fierce when it came to punishing those who crossed the Council, and after Rick had been arrested that night, part of Mouse was certain that he'd lost him forever. Now to have him here again...

Rick's breath caught in his throat before he lightly placed his hand on Mouse's back. It instantly spread a wave of warmth through him. "Yeah, Mouse. It's me." Rick petted down the length of Mouse's spine and gave a little laugh. "Accept no substitutes."

With a half-laugh, half-sob, Mouse just gripped tighter, his cheek to Rick's chest. He could hear Rick's heart thumping steadily beneath his ear, the muffled beat tapping out Rick's very life in a secret code. At the sound, the emotion that bubbled up in his heart then was so foreign, it took Mouse a moment to put into words exactly what it was. He reached deep, untangled the feeling from the knot in his core, and shook off the dust after years of disuse.

"I-I missed you, Rick," he managed.

"Yeah... Me too, Mouse," Rick said, hesitancy licking the edges of his words, and Mouse wondered if Rick had gone a long time without saying them either. His heart thumped in rhythm to Rick's, strong and alert, and the quiet memories of their last time together began to trickle through his mind.

Now he really did protest aloud when Rick put his hands on Mouse's shoulders and abruptly pushed himself away to stand. He turned and began restlessly pacing the length of the room, rambling almost nonstop. "Y-you know, chemistry's a beautiful thing, especially when you've got plenty of stuff to work with," he said, gesturing to the console sitting on the opposite wall and its stock of spirits and liquors on the bottom shelf. "Extract the right compounds, mix in a drop of aged Alpha II bourbon, and you've got yourself a—a pretty effective adenosine blocker."

For a few minutes, Mouse allowed himself to simply watch Rick flit about the room as he continued to speak in a harried rush. The way Rick couldn't keep still broadcasted to Mouse that he was actually nervous, and that fact, while surprising, was enormously reassuring. Unlike his usual visitors who came with a singular purpose in mind, Rick seemed out of his element, and Mouse felt instantly at ease, a glow of endearment warming his heart.

"Rick." Mouse's soft voice pulled Rick from his meandering dissertation on soporifics and hydroxyls. He froze mid-explanation and cast a rueful glance at Mouse, as though shy to seek his approval. Mouse nodded, and when Rick sat down on the bed again, he started, "Rick, why—" He was treading unfamiliar ground, but the need to know outweighed his trepidation. "Why did you come back?"

Mouse's question hung in the air as Rick stared pointedly away, his lips working in tight pouts. After a few false starts, he turned to face Mouse fully and answered, "For you, Mouse. I came back for you."

Hope came alive in Mouse's chest, but he knew better than to believe it. "Is it because y-you want—" He curled in on himself, unable to finish his sentence. Of course that's what he wants. It's what all Ricks come for.

"No! This isn't about wanting those—some dumb Epiphanies! Not those." Rick shook his head, worrying his bottom lip. "Mouse, I said you. You're what I came back for." He raised his hand hesitantly before eventually placing it on Mouse's arm. "I'm sorry I ever left you, Mouse. I wish there was something I could've done, but the Council, they're fucking cra— W-whoa, Mouse, what's wrong?"

Fat tears had welled up in Mouse's eyes, blurring Rick's face like a sodden watercolor, before tumbling down his cheeks. His voice wavered as he shook his head, "H-h-how can you say that, after—after everything that happened? If it w-w-weren't for me—"

"Ssh, Mouse. Mouse, it's okay. You didn't do anything wrong."

He can't mean it. He can't. After what happened with the Guards... They almost killed him! So why would he still come back? It doesn't make sense. I'm nobody. Nothing. Just the Council's stupid pet, just like Mama says. All I'm good for is Epiphanies.

"Mouse!" Rick gripped Mouse's arm tighter. "You're so much more than that!" He waved his hand as though gesturing to an unseen mass. "You didn't even know me, and you protected me. Hell, you think just anyone can face down the Captain of the Guard like that?"

Mouse let out a weak laugh at the memory.

"Mouse, you're more—more than you know. You're going to do great things, Mouse. Really great things. But not while you're stuck in this place. That's why I came back for you. I want to take you away from here."

"Away?" Mouse blinked. What was "away"? For the longest time, there had always been the Citadel, and within it only a few familiar rooms: the winner's suite, his own room, the auction, and the Dark Room. Some of his clients mentioned the planets they'd been to, but the names were often impossible for him to pronounce, let alone imagine. He furrowed his brow, the idea of leaving the only place he knew suddenly a frightening proposition.

Rick grabbed Mouse's hands where they lay limp in his lap. "I know what you're thinking. The universe is a big and scary place, I won't lie about that. But, Mouse, it can also be amazing. Shit, the worlds I could take you! D-did you know there's a planet where it snows ice cream? I'm not kidding! Well, okay. It's technically some plant-casein hybrid, but tell that to your taste buds. You can just walk outside and stick out your tongue. And they have every flavor you can imagine!"

Ice cream? A glimpse of a memory blossomed within Mouse's mind, and right then he could taste the creamy, cool treat as it melted down his hand and onto the sidewalk. He could remember the tinkling of a song, someone wiping his cheeks down before bopping him playfully on the nose. The flashback was more a collection of disjointed images than anything as it played through his mind, painted in swirling pastels like—

"Like Neapolitan?"

"Y-yeah! That's right!" Rick ruffled Mouse's hair. "Glad to know you're not just the chocolate-or-bust type."

"Well, it's...it's been a long time, I don't really remember." Mouse gave a playful grin. "M-maybe I'm actually the strawberry type."

"Why, you little rascal," Rick snickered, looping his arm around Mouse and giving him a noogie. "I think it's about time someone gave you an update. There's a hell of a lotta flavors to try out there."

Mouse squealed, twisting in Rick's grip before finally getting himself free. He sat there, huffing and red-cheeked from the play-fighting, and as he looked at Rick, he could suddenly picture them enjoying ice cream together on a distant planet, standing beneath an alien sky, tongues sticking out, Rick by his side. They would have their fill, and then there would be other stars to see, so many countless others. He could imagine traveling to all of them...together.

Rick was smiling back at him. "That's right, Mouse. It can be like that. There's so much more for you to see. I can show you everything! You don't—" Rick faltered, his voice becoming a whisper as he gave Mouse's hands a squeeze. "You don't have to stay here and put up with this anymore. No one deserves to go through something so fucked up, Mouse, especially not you. You're too good for this kind of life."

Rick's words sparked a thought in Mouse that he'd left dormant since the prior week. Somehow he'd always known that Rick would take him away from here. It'd only been a vague notion before, but now, with Rick's words behind it, Mouse felt his future swiftly taking shape in front of him. It was a future he wanted without question, a future made even better at the thought that Rick would be a part of it.

Mouse lowered his eyes to Rick's hands, and suddenly a wave of worry doused the fire of bliss from just moments earlier. He sat up straighter, alarmed.

"R-Rick! What happened to your hands?" he cried, holding one up to look at the bloodied and torn knuckles. His fingers smoothed tenderly over the battered flesh, and he couldn't stop the rush of concerned sounds that tumbled from him. His hands! Who did this to his hands? he kept thinking. These were the hands that had shown him so much kindness, every caress leaving him feeling safe and loved. These were the hands that made him shiver with something triumphant rather than with fear.

"It's—it's nothing. Just a—had a run-in with—"

Mouse didn't wait to hear the rest of what Rick had to say as he brought Rick's hand to his lips and laid a gentle kiss on the middle knuckle. His masters had demanded this gesture of him before, but this time he did it of his own free will, and into that one small kiss, Mouse poured all of his heart.

He looked up at Rick, taking in the blush that now colored Rick's usually ashy cheeks. Mouse could recognize the look of captivation on a Rick instantly—he'd seen it countless times already—but for the first time ever it was targeted at him and only him, not the Epiphanies or the sadistic appeal of pain. Heart pounding in his ears, something within him demanded that he move, that he answer Rick's call.

Slowly, carefully he ran one hand up Rick's arm, reaching for his face. He leaned forward, his head tilted, eyes sliding closed.

"Wait!"

Mouse snapped his eyes open when Rick grabbed him by the wrist, stopping him out of reach. "Mouse, I-I don't want you to feel like—" He flicked his gaze away. "Don't think you have to do this. I didn't come here expecting something. I'm—I'm not like them." He sighed, sounding defeated. "You don't have to do anything you don't want to."

Want?

Was that what this feeling was? Want? Mouse had never been given permission to actually say, much less do, what he wanted under the charge of the Council and Mama Eun-Rick. He now felt acutely at a loss for words. Ricks always took what they wanted while Mouse always gave. It was the natural order of things.

But what did he want?

Mouse turned his brown eyes up to look into Rick's magnificent blue where the answer had been all along.

"I want—" He cupped Rick's face with both hands and pulled him close, his mouth trembling just beneath Rick's as he paused to taste his breath. It still smelled of the citrusy drink from before. "I want—" A hot tear worked itself free as he clenched his eyes shut, voice shaking.

"I want...you."

The words worked like a key fitting beneath the tumblers of a lock, easing open the deadbolt around his heart. For so long, everything in his life had been denied him. Now, at last, he held something solid in his hands, something he could take simply because he wanted it.

Once given voice, the words demanded they be spoken again. "I want you. I want you," he repeated, his voice gaining strength. He'd never been so sure about anything in his life, and the resolution sat sturdy in his belly like a platform from which he was poised to take flight.

There was no greater feeling than this.

This time, Mouse was met with no resistance, and his lips tingled when he pressed them against Rick's, the electricity of the touch drawing him in for more. Rick stayed compliant beneath his hesitant kiss, and Mouse realized with a flood of awe that Rick was letting him set the pace, waiting to respond to whatever Mouse wanted. His cheeks burned as he fell slowly backward, pulling Rick down with him until he was cradled atop the soft pillow again. Long arms bracketed his head as Rick propped himself on his elbows, and Mouse let his arms loop themselves loosely behind Rick's neck, a gentle reminder for him to stay.

As he paused to taste the kiss, Mouse startled when Rick mirrored the motion, his tongue brushing hesitantly along Mouse's lips, supplicating him for entry. The hazy memory of Rick's thick tongue in his mouth came into sharp focus, and a tingle pulsed in his groin as Mouse gasped and flicked his tongue across Rick's, coaxing him in. Rick reciprocated generously, and in seconds, Mouse was curling his toes and panting through the new mist of prurient desire that fogged his mind.

Mouthing at the corner of Mouse's lips before breaking the kiss, Rick pulled back. His breath came heavy, and he rested his brow on Mouse's forehead, gazing at him with lust-laden eyes.

"What do you—what do you want now, Mouse?"

Mouse didn't think it could happen, but his cheeks began to burn even hotter. Just a week ago, he would've thought it impossible for a Rick to talk to him like this, but now in the course of a few minutes, he'd been asked to state what he wanted not once but twice. Mouse immediately thought of the last time they'd been together, how Rick had put his hands so sweetly on him, how he'd stirred up that strange, itching feeling in the pit of his stomach.

Whatever that was, he wanted that.

Before he'd even opened his mouth to answer, however, Rick cocked his head, a smile slowly spreading itself over his lips. "Of course," he rumbled. He leaned down to whisper in Mouse's ear, "I'll do whatever you want, but first let me hear—I want to hear you say it."

"I-I-I..." The combination of embarrassment and overpowering arousal made Mouse stumble over his tongue. "I want you to—to touch me."

"Where?" Rick purred.

Somewhere, anywhere, everywhere!

With a frustrated sound, Mouse quickly scooted back toward the headboard until he was seated upright. He took Rick's hand and held it against his throbbing prick.

"H-here," he breathed.

"God, Mouse..." Rick's eyes were dark with desire, and he pulled Mouse in for another kiss as he slipped his hand beneath Mouse's robe and wrapped his fingers around his leaking cock.

Mouse's cry was immediately swallowed by Rick's mouth as the pleasure spiked through him. Just like before, Mouse felt an all-encompassing fire unfurl in his core, its tendrils coiling around his heart and snaking down his limbs. Rick stroked him sensually, his tongue diving into his mouth, and Mouse felt wetness trickle down the inside of his thigh as his arousal heightened.

When he clutched at Rick's clothed shoulders in a stranglehold, he whined, now desperate to touch Rick as closely as he was touching him. He wanted—needed to feel Rick's skin, needed to see him in his entirety.

"R-Rick," he panted, fingers lost in Rick's hair as Rick kissed a trail down the side of his neck. "Rick, please..."

"I know. I know, Mouse," Rick murmured just above his racing pulse. He seemed to struggle with his own desire to continue, but eventually he withdrew his hands from between Mouse's thighs and began pulling down the zipper of his jumpsuit.

"N-no! Wait! Wait." Mouse scrambled forward onto his knees. "I just—" How was he supposed to say that he wanted to undress Rick himself?

As though reading his mind, Rick smiled and nodded. "You're sure?" he said, kissing Mouse's eyelids softly. When Mouse just hummed in the affirmative, he lay his full length out on the bed, one arm tucked beneath his head while the other curled into Mouse's hair to caress the nape of his neck.

Mouse swallowed, and his fingers were shaking as he reached up to grasp the zipper at Rick's collar. It wasn't that he hadn't seen his fair share of undressed Ricks, but their nakedness had always been forced on him, not something that he could set the pacing or degree of. Even this small measure of control was thrilling, and Mouse's heartbeat pulsated in his head, making him dizzy and restless. As he slid the zipper down, revealing Rick's skin inch by inch, Mouse's breath hitched in his throat.

Rick's chest was littered with scars.

Driven by curiosity, Mouse pushed aside the fabric to run his hand down the plane of Rick's torso. Small and light, jagged and deep, he traced the crisscross of disfigured skin with the tips of his fingers as if he were following stars in a constellation. As he grew bolder, Mouse stripped the jumpsuit from Rick's shoulders to probe inquisitively at the raised knot on one shoulder blade and curious ring of black dots around one forearm before helping Rick shimmy his arms free from the sleeves. The expanse of damaged flesh captivated Mouse; it was like he were seeing a Rick for the first time. The Elite Ricks who visited him had no such scars, their unmarred skin an indication of the comfortable lives they led. To Mouse, Ricks sat at the top of the food chain, unchallenged and indestructible. Or so he'd thought. With each scar, each welt, it slowly dawned on Mouse that Ricks could also, in fact, be at someone else's mercy.

But if Ricks were the apex predators, then who preyed on the predators?

Mouse flicked his eyes up to take in the sight of Rick laying barechested, his breath coming fast despite his relaxed pose. His erection strained obviously within the bottom half of the jumpsuit, although he made no move to free it.

When Mouse tried to meet his eyes, however, he was surprised that Rick had turned away, his mouth set in a grim line almost like he were...ashamed? Rick gave a dry laugh. "Not much to look at, huh? Hope you weren't expecting s-something easier on the eyes."

Instead of replying, Mouse raised himself to his knees and began to unravel the white cloth that swaddled him. This caught Rick's attention, and Mouse saw him swallow a lump in his throat as he followed his movements closely. When Mouse had loosened the cloth from around his shoulders and waist, he dropped it, letting it pool beneath him. He tried to keep his voice steady even as his heart beat wildly within his chest.

"S-see, Rick? I'm the same as you."

Staying perfectly still, he let Rick see him for the wreck he was. He let him take in the mangled line work that decorated his ribs, the darkened splotches of skin that would never regain their original color. Even his cock, which still bobbed stiffly at attention, pulled to the left where a gnarled knot of scar tissue warped its base. Mouse blushed openly but didn't hide, though his hands twitched with the impulse to cover himself up.

"You're so goddamn beautiful." Rick's voice came out gravelly.

Mouse snapped his attention back to him, stunned to see Rick drinking him in with barefaced adoration. The look of worship in his eyes was like nothing Mouse had seen before. It was awash in genuine wonder, and Mouse felt his heart clench at the thought that he could possibly be the object of such awe. Never breaking eye contact, Rick closed the space between them and pulled Mouse into a tight embrace. It was warm and dizzying and exciting in a way that had nothing to do with fear and absolutely everything to do with ecstasy. Their hearts were hammering in tandem, and as Rick claimed his mouth again, Mouse hurried to tug the jumpsuit down and finally off him, the very notion of having anything between them suddenly repulsive.

Mine. You're mine.

Rick's freed cock burned hot like a branding iron where it smacked Mouse's thigh before eventually settling between his ass cheeks. Mouse shivered at the intimate contact and gasped into Rick's mouth. While Rick worked him with one hand, he gently rocked his hips, sliding his cock back and forth across Mouse's puckered hole. Yes... Keep doing that. Mouse moaned as the sweet friction loosed another wash of arousal from him. He barely noticed Rick move his fingers to stroke behind Mouse's balls before he suddenly froze.

"Mouse?" Rick asked gently.

Mouse hummed, not wanting to extricate himself from the intoxicating sensations that swept through him. The dual stimuli of staggering pleasure were turning his cognizance to mush.

"What's this?"

Mouse peeked open his eyes to see Rick holding up two fingers in front of his face. They glistened with slick, and Mouse blushed, nuzzling Rick's neck as he giggled.

"C'mon, Rick. It's...you know," he said shyly. The silly schoolyard rhyme his classmates used to chant played unbidden through his head:

Little Fred wets the bed when he tinkles with his weiner.
Little Fred wets the bed when he tickles his own keister.

He scrunched his brows together. Unless...Ricks don't get like that?He tried to think back to whether he'd ever seen a Rick get wet in behind too, but he couldn't recall. Maybe they just never showed. Maybe he'd missed it. Maybe Rick thought it was gross. "Is there—is there something wrong with it?"

Rick's chest began to tremble, and when Mouse looked up, concerned, he realized that Rick was trying to hold in a laugh. He balked, his blush spreading up to his ears.

"Hey! What's so funny?" Now he's laughing at me?

"No! No, no, no. I'm not—" Rick let out a chuckle before biting the inside of his cheek. "It's fine. Everything's fine." He swiftly scooped Mouse up in a bear hug, making Mouse gasp as the air was squeezed from his lungs.

What's gotten into him?

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I wasn't laughing at you. It's just," Rick gave him a quick peck on the lips, "you really are beautiful." He kissed him again. "Amazing." Another kiss. "Incredible." And another.

Mouse squirmed out of the embrace and shoved Rick's face away. "Stop it, Rick. Y-you're acting all—all crazy." He tried to sound upset, but he couldn't fight the smile that ghosted along his lips. Amazing? Incredible? No one had ever called him that before. He was more accustomed to words like "nitwit" or "whore," and the unexpected bout of praise had him glowing with pride.

Then Rick was kissing his palms, his wrists, his arms, as he slowly drew Mouse down again to lay flush with his chest. Mouse came willingly, sinking into the embrace as if he were finding home, and in that moment, Mouse knew that he would follow Rick anywhere. The reverberations thrummed through Mouse's rib cage as Rick spoke, his voice low and rough with want. "So," he said, his fingers circling Mouse's hole while he resumed stroking his cock. "Do you ever 'tickle your own keister' in bed, Mouse?"

A moan escaped Mouse as he bucked again in Rick's grasp. Need and excitement were locked in combat at the forefront of his attention, while the more lucid side of his brain slowly processed the question. "W-what? Wait, how did you—"

"Do you do it while you think of me?"

No, he never touched himself like this. It was something he'd learned to curb years ago; Mama Eun-Rick's teachings had seen to that. But that didn't mean he wasn't free to think of Rick when he was alone at night.

"I...I'm not supposed to—ah!"

Rick had dipped a finger in up to the second knuckle and was now pumping it in and out in time with the hand on his shaft. Mouse shuddered against Rick's hard chest, able to do little more than keen and wriggle his ass, unsure of whether he should move forward into Rick's hand or back onto his finger.

It was the best kind of problem to be in.

"But you do think of me. You think of me in your bed?"

Of course, every night for the past week, he'd fantasized about Rick coming to his room in the night. He imagined Rick sweeping in, tall and unafraid, bathed in a comforting light. He imagined Rick's voice coming low through the darkness, his gentle words solacing him, his strong hands caressing him. But like a good little boy, Mouse had lain with his hands fixed at his sides as the wetness soaked through the sheets. How many times had he cried there alone in his dark room, quiet save for his frustrated whimpers and the constant churning and whistling of the machines just on the other side of the wall?

"That's it, Mouse. Tell me where you sleep at night," Rick crooned, running his thumb over Mouse's moist slit.

Mouse shook his head vehemently, squeezing his eyes shut, the assault on his nerves warring with the thoughts that surfaced at Rick's urging. Ricks were never to know where his actual room was. The Guards, they never let anyone near. Besides, he couldn't tell Rick how it was always too cold there, how he'd be left alone for days between the auctions. He couldn't tell him how he'd count down each chime of the elevator bell with dread. 3...2...1...

"Mouse—"

"I can't! I can't! They won't let me!" he wailed. A roiling ball of heat was growing rapidly in Mouse's stomach as an inexplicable tremble washed up his arms and legs to gather at his groin. He felt like he was running to the edge of something that was already rushing toward him too fast, too fast!

"Cum for me, baby."

The rasp of Rick's voice in his ear was what pushed him over the precipice. His mouth fell open, though he drew no breath, as his body was seized by a pleasure like nothing he'd ever known.

It surged forth from his core, throwing his muscles into spasms and shaking free any remnant of autonomy he had until he was reduced to a quivering, crying mess. Tears leaked from his eyes and a hot liquid splattered onto his stomach as he thrust frantically into Rick's hand. It felt like something was being ripped free from inside him.

Moan after choked moan dribbled from his lips with every wave of the orgasm, and when there was finally nothing left to give voice to and the spasms dissipated into spotty tremors, Mouse descended into the blissful void.

Rick never imagined it would feel like that.

As he stared up at the ceiling, his breath coming fast and strained, eyes glazed, he felt his mind begin to right itself like a tree bowing back after an unforgiving windstorm. The torrent of emotions and images that had assaulted him moments earlier drained out along with the fleeting scraps of words that echoed down the now unoccupied recesses of his brain. Once the last vestiges of the Resonance quieted, Rick sucked in a final breath and exhaled slowly.

"What a fucking ride." The words, sounding flimsy to his own ears, hung in the quiet of the winner's suite.

Eager to parse the impact of the Resonance into something more tangible, his mind scrambled for an analogy: a concert where every audience member was screaming into his own mic; a painting of a thousand colors all jumbled together; a book where 20 different stories overlapped the same page.

If Rick had thought the Citadel was loud enough with its constant activity and announcements, the Resonance made it a hundred times worse when he could actually hear the thoughts of every Rick within it. The onslaught of stimuli left his ears ringing and his head spinning like he'd been swept up in a tornado.

And at the heart of that tornado lay Mouse.

Rick's hand paused in its trek down Mouse's back where he was petting him in slow, mollifying strokes. As he looked down at the small boy still sprawled across his chest—breath drawing in and out steadily, shoulders clammy with dried sweat—he marveled at how a meek, little kid could be the gateway to such massive power.

Some Ricks spent a lifetime trying to gain access into the human mind. After all, it stored all the information that made the universe what it was and what it could be, and tapping into that nearly limitless source of data spelled nearly limitless power. Sure, there were truth serums and rigorous torture methods to wrest the desired information from another's brain, but the technology and labor it required made it an unwieldy and time-consuming endeavor.

But this... This was different.

To infiltrate another's mind without their even being aware, that was what every man in a position of power craved. Why threaten or coerce your enemy into giving you what you wanted when you could simply reach in and take it? It was the ultimate form of espionage—covert, instantaneous, and undetectable. And considering how devious most Ricks were, Rick could picture a few who would be very, very pleased to get their hands on it.

An unwelcome image of Riq immediately sprang to his mind, and unease curdled in his stomach at the memory of the lead councilman's parting look. It was like Riq had wanted nothing more than to skin Rick alive and pluck his tendons like a sadistic musician.

If a man like him ever got control of Resonances, Rick didn't want to think of the fallout.

His arms tensed around Mouse reflexively as he purged the thought of Riq being in his position, here with Mouse at his most vulnerable. Just imagining another Rick's hands on Mouse made acid pump in Rick's gut, his jealousy intertwined with an overwhelming desire to protect his new lover.

Mouse gave a reedy mewl as he was squeezed uncomfortably tight, and Rick startled, immediately loosening his hold. He took a deep breath and mentally chided himself for allowing the Resonance to distract him from an even greater discovery—the one that currently lay dozing in post-coital bliss in his arms. The simple reminder helped to cool the adrenaline that coursed through his body at the unsavory thought of an intruder, and he focused on the calm that always blanketed him when he was with Mouse.

Eyes closed, he envisioned Mouse's thoughts from the Resonance. They'd dissipated into nothingness with Mouse's slumber, but while in the throes of sex, they'd woven about Rick like a silken cocoon. Each thread caressed Rick with a satin-soft touch, wholesome and tender.

For all their gossamer translucence, there was an unfathomable depth to Mouse's thoughts, layer after layer echoing that same unwavering chant: love. The message, while simple, was undeniable, washing over Rick like a steady tide until it filled his sinuses with its saline but cleansing touch.

Part of Rick—the jaded, distrusting part of him—refused to believe it at first, determined to find some shadow of deceit in that pure mindscape. Subversion, ulterior motives, lies—these were things Rick understood, had come to expect after years spent fighting for his very life. He'd learned long ago to burn bridges before he'd even reached them. But when he delved deeper into Mouse's mind space, lifting figurative veils to the side in search of something to point out and accuse, it never came.

With Mouse, there was nothing but honesty in his thoughts. His mind was an open book to Rick, and each page only galvanized his growing feelings for Mouse. To say he was merely intrigued by Mouse no longer cut it. Fascinated? Of course. Obsessed? Maybe. In love?

What then, lover boy? Chi's tease played back in his head.

Rick had been quick to dismiss it, even balked at the idea originally, but now it badgered him until he knew he didn't have a leg to stand on. It'd been so long since Rick had felt this way about someone. But love? Hell, it was hard enough to even love himself sometimes. And yet Mouse evoked a depth of emotions in him that hadn't manifested in years. Or was it decades?

He pressed his palm to his right eye, the metal of his synthoptic cool beneath the fever of his skin. It whirred quietly, storing away the last batch of video feed he'd collected and—Jesus Christ, he was talking about his life in decades, multiple decades, while Mouse couldn't be far past his first. How old was the kid anyway? Piecing together what he'd gleaned from Chi and Mouse's obvious lack of life experience, he couldn't even begin to guess.

With any other kid, Rick would never have entertained a shred of attraction. For fuck's sake, he wasn't a—cradle-robber, kiddy fiddler, pedophile. He hastily turned away from the accusatory slurs. Never having had a Morty of his own meant Rick was unused to dealing with kids in general. Whenever they'd crossed his path in the past, he'd maintained a civil tolerance toward them, maybe mild amusement, but little else.

But where he'd usually only see a kid as a headache and deadweight, Rick saw Mouse as a source of boundless possibilities that spoke to his soul.

Soul? Rick wrinkled his nose at his own sappiness. He considered himself a man of science, goddamn it. Words like "soul" and "fate" weren't part of his vocabulary, and yet they were increasingly finding themselves at home on his tongue.

After all, only fate could dictate that two pariahs like themselves, who'd been unpersoned by the same cruel masters, would be brought together. And with their union, Rick felt an innate sense of connection and completeness that he'd been a stranger to for much of his life. The very notion that he could have a lover after so many years of solitude still felt like a foreign language to him, awkward along the consonants and downright blasphemous on the accent. But with Mouse, he knew that he'd become fluent in it soon enough.

So far, Mouse was proving to be a very encouraging tutor.

Nothing had been so alluring as the sight of Mouse ensnared in ecstasy's merciless grasp, bare and trembling, and Rick's heart began to quicken as he revisited the memories of earlier. Resting his hands on the globes of Mouse's ass, Rick's musings were soon eclipsed by the growing arousal that entreated him for his attention.

It stemmed, in part, from the unique scent that was mixed in with Mouse's boyhood musk. Since he'd first noticed it, Rick found himself mystified and enraptured by it, although he couldn't quite place the aroma. The closest he could compare it to was a cross between sour apple and a mellow white wine...or was it vermouth? It wafted from Mouse, even in his sleep, and Rick noted how it came strongest from the sheen that coated the insides of his thighs.

Gently kneading Mouse's cheeks apart, he dipped a finger down his crack to glide it along the moistness there.

Mouse shifted under his touch, murmuring softly.

While Mouse's biological quirk had initially caught Rick off guard, he couldn't say that he was entirely surprised. Self-lubricating orifices were a common sexual characteristic he'd seen—and personally appreciated—in countless alien species. To see it in Mouse, whom he'd assumed was from an Earth very similar to his own, only underscored the fact that he and Mouse really were from different worlds. But if the kid already had the ability to ignite a Rick's genius through pain—and now through pleasure, as had recently been confirmed—then why couldn't Mouse's dimension hold a few more surprises?

Rick brought his fingers to his tongue to lick off the residue. Yep. Definitely sweet vermouth. He salivated at the memory of Mouse's face at the moment orgasm had claimed him. Still sandwiched between their bellies, Rick's cock began to stir, yearning for the release that had been building since before he'd brought Mouse to climax.

Even if it meant being left blue-balled, Rick couldn't bring himself to deny Mouse his first proper afterglow. So when Mouse was left boneless and twitching in Rick's arms, Rick had been content with simply holding him as he rode out the last of the Resonance's aftershocks.

He gave a frustrated hum. The fact that their first night together had to ride on the coattails of something as life-altering as the Resonance left Rick feeling fractious, torn between two rivaling puzzles that demanded he figure them out.

There was still so much to learn about Mouse—his past, his abilities, his potential. The Epiphanies had been amazing in and of themselves, but now the Resonances made them look like parlor tricks by comparison. If this latest power had remained hidden beneath the surface all this time, what other wonders did Mouse hold? Rick sensed that he was poised to bear witness to a significant shift within Mouse, one that would not only carry Mouse out of his captivity but also transform Rick's life forever. He toyed idly with a curl at the end of Mouse's braid as he wondered how it would play out.

Then there were the Resonances to crack. At present, they were still more like a drug-induced sensory overload, nothing like the romanticized tales of telepathy Rick had heard about his whole life. He felt like he'd been cast haphazardly into the maelstrom of thoughts, the bombardment making it nearly impossible to pick out any one individual voice. Without the ability to home in on a specific target and decipher the information, the Resonances were more like migraines at this point. Learning how to navigate them would take focus and time.

Luckily for Rick, he was never one to shy away from a challenge.

With one arm wrapped around Mouse, Rick carefully slipped himself free from beneath Mouse's limp body, gently rolling the boy onto his back. Dried spunk flaked off Rick's bare stomach as he moved, and he brushed it away with mild annoyance when it snagged on his happy trail.

Mouse gave a tiny murmur and tucked one fist beneath his chin while he let the other arm flop loosely over his head to land on a pillow. Kneeling back on his heels, Rick paused to take in Mouse's sleeping form. He appreciated the way his hair stuck with sweat to his temples, the steady rise and fall of his chest, the natural blush of his limp member. That same bluster of possessiveness roiled inside Rick when his eyes rested on the scar at the base of Mouse's cock, and he recalled Mama Eun-Rick's misplaced accusation from their prior encounter in the hallway:

So what did this one do? Try to cut off the kid's willy again?

His next exhalation housed a curse as he vowed he'd do whatever it took to keep Mouse from being hurt again. The drive which had originally fueled his vengeance was now poured into protecting Mouse. While he couldn't undo what had been done in the past, he could strive to show Mouse that life could be more than just pain. It could be so much more than that.

Bending over to brush his lips over Mouse's soft stomach, Rick shimmied farther down the bed until he was nestled between Mouse's thighs. When he began planting kisses along the insides of Mouse's legs, alternating from side to side, Mouse squirmed again, slowly rousing from sleep.

"Rick...?"

"Mm?" Rick hummed against his left thigh, sliding his hands beneath Mouse to cup his ass.

"Th-that—that tickles," Mouse mumbled, giggling as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes.

"Oh, it won't be tickling for long," Rick purred, already hearing a Resonance start to whisper in his head. "Trust me."

Mouse's were always the first to make their presence known, a steady stream of "feels good," "more," and other chaste expressions that, for Rick, would've come out as simply "fuck, yeah." More abstract impressions painted the backdrop of Mouse's praises. Fragments of Rick's earlier handjob replayed in his memory, and a cozy serenity warmed his bones. With a selfish kind of pride, Rick grinned around another open-mouthed kiss to know that Mouse's lust was incited entirely by him.

As his nose brushed Mouse's scant pubes, the fresh scent of Mouse's juices besieged Rick's senses, and he licked his lips in depraved hunger.

"W-what are you doing down ther—whooh!" Mouse let out a strangled cry, popping awake. His hands immediately scrambled down to clutch at Rick's hair as Rick ran the flat of his tongue firm and slow across Mouse's asshole.

You can't do that! Can you? Is he really doing that? Ohmygodohmygodohmygod. Mouse pushed at Rick halfheartedly, but as soon as the pleasure outweighed his surprise, he was tangling his fingers in Rick's mane to lock him in place instead.

As though Rick had any intention of leaving.

When Rick let out a low chuckle, Mouse's hole fluttered beneath his warm breath, and more thoughts came barreling down on Rick one on top of the other in a fierce surge.

This time Rick stood his ground against the raging current. Stay focused, Rick. You can do this. It's just like chewing gum and walking at the same time. He greedily swallowed down a mouthful of spit and Mouse's slick. Okay. More like eating ass and reading minds, but who's counting?

Mouse tasted the way he smelled, only thicker and sharper. The liquid coated his tongue like syrup, and as soon as he'd lapped up what clung to Mouse's cheeks, a fresh wave oozed from his entrance. With an impatient grunt, Rick hoisted himself to his knees, pulling Mouse's slight form up with him, arms clasped firmly about Mouse's middle. The boy gave an ungainly yelp as he was suspended upside down, his legs kicking uselessly in the air above Rick's shoulders.

Rick pointed his tongue and drove it into Mouse's hole, diving deeper whenever the ring of muscles spasmed around him, alternating between pulling Rick in and squeezing him out. When he gave a particularly wicked swirl of his tongue, Mouse let loose an anguished moan which Rick echoed with his own.

The floodgates had been opened, and Rick was once again tackling the deluge of Resonance. Determined not to be overwhelmed this time, he clung to one particular string of thoughts, twisting it about his metaphorical fingers before it could slip away. It had its own brand of starkness, so different from Mouse's silky embrace, and Rick was able to glide along its flat and dull surface with relative ease. It wasn't without some hesitation that Rick left Mouse's lyrical thoughts behind as he sought out and ultimately found the thread's source within the mental plane.

God, what I wouldn't do for a drink.

Never would've taken this gig if it meant having to quit the sauce.

An intense thirst suddenly parched Rick's throat as he tuned into the disembodied thoughts. They seethed of discontent, of patience rubbed raw, and of the manacles of stifling order and discipline.

Guard Ricks.

Rick spread his range, picking up more like-minded presences that fit together like a trellis. As he flitted from one Guard to the next, he found that each shared the same tired vapidness. The years toiling beneath the Council's rule had wrung out any spirit these Ricks had, leaving them mere husks in uniforms.

It was a disquieting notion, and Rick lingered only long enough to hear a few more of their disgruntled complaints before releasing himself and latching onto a different thread of thought that whisked him away to another part of the Citadel.

Fortunately, Rick found that while part of him traipsed through the invisible byways of the Resonance, his consciousness was never far from the winner's suite. He was still able to focus wholly on the task at hand—as Mouse's licentious moans attested to—and with some deliberate testing, he discovered that he could simultaneously occupy multiple spaces. Each thread he explored carried its own unique properties, and like running his fingers over a guitar's strings, he could discern different Ricks simply from the tenor of their thoughts.

The abrasive feel of the Guard Ricks gave way to a prickliness that Rick attributed to yet another group of discontented worker Ricks. They stunk of resentment and scathing criticism for the system that oppressed them. Elite Ricks took on an oily acidity with a near constant stream of self-affirmations bolstered by a disdain for their fellow Ricks. A mellow lightness from a small collection of consciousness granted Rick a welcome respite, and he spent a few uninterrupted moments enjoying the calm that came from none other than Eun-Ricks.

It was difficult for Rick to measure time and space while in a Resonance. With his conscious mind still interacting with the real world around him, seconds seemed to pass like minutes as he flew effortlessly across what had to be miles of invisible distance. Things like levels and rooms fell obsolete as Rick traversed minds that existed on a completely separate plane. No walls could keep him out, and as he pursued a remarkably vibrant thread of thought, he realized he'd even gained access to the private quarters of the Captain of the Guard. A brief tour of the Captain's own dark secrets simmering beneath his calm exterior made Rick cluck his proverbial tongue. Talk about unresolved issues.

Meanwhile in the winner's suite, Mouse was howling in ecstasy, raking his blunt fingernails down Rick's thighs as he writhed uncontrollably, his braid swishing back and forth like an impatient tail. It shook free of its ribbon, spreading across the sheets and catching the light from the bedside lamp to glow a golden brown. Mouse had resorted to wrapping his thin legs behind Rick's neck for purchase while Rick ate him out with gusto. His complete inexperience with analingus meant that every lick and nibble from Rick had him in a tizzy.

Rick nuzzled his face between Mouse's ass cheeks to suckle at his soft behind. He flicked his tongue across his hole, down his perineum, and lapped long strokes at the underside of Mouse's balls where they were drawn tight against his body. Stooping over to cradle Mouse's head atop his lap, Rick reached around to glide a hand beneath Mouse's pert cock, squeezing it lightly between the V of two long fingers. Mouse bucked sharply upon contact, jettisoning Rick even further across the mental landscape of the Citadel.

Like a comet hurtling through a cluster of stars, Rick went spinning topsy turvy into the ether before reaching out to latch onto an arbitrary thought from among the masses. It immediately bit into him, and Rick internally winced at the phantom pain.

The thread he'd snagged himself on was sharper than any others, caustic to the touch. Just following it through the network of cerebral noise left Rick's mind prickling in response, eager to extract itself in an act of self-preservation. But Rick pushed on. He was too far gone already, compelled to see what else he could find in the hidden domain of the Citadel's patrons. It was only when he drew closer to the source that he realized this Rick's thoughts were not like the others.

While most threads crossed each other at odd intervals, showing a sympathetic link between their hosts, this one hung remote and alone. There were no points of intersection, no overlap with any others as it hovered solitary in the vastness of the intellectual space.

Letting his curiosity get the better of him, Rick ran his hands over the outlying stream of thought, letting the thread wrap around his fingers and arms like chilled mercury. By now, he'd have picked up on a litany of thoughts, but he was only greeted with silence. Was this a dud? Someone unconscious? No, there was still the subconscious plane to explore. Pushing any lingering apprehension aside, Rick dipped in even deeper.

In an unexpected rush, the thread enveloped his arms and shoulders, washing over his chest until it closed over his heart in a smothering grip. At last he heard something. It started as a distant echo that grew into a roar, and the first tangible thought that came up from the depths made Rick's blood run cold:

S

The letters scrawled themselves frantically on the blackboard of Rick's mind. Rick mentally skidded backwards, trying to untangle himself from the thoughts that clung to him like an insidious spider's web, but it was too late. His mind was abruptly set ablaze in brilliant reds and thorny black, as the thread vomited up flashing images of carnage and suffering too grotesque even for Rick to stomach:

A small child hung from vicious hooks while his entrails spooled on a metal spit below him. Dusty wind blew across a field, barren save for a solitary burning tree and a ring of shrieking gravestones at its base. A skull gave him a toothy grin as a phallus fucked it through the eye socket, cum dripping down its face like pearly tears. Limbless bodies that were little more than bloody stumps squirmed across a concrete floor and on tattered bedsheets like oversized maggots.

Even as Rick's mind reeled with disgust at the scenes that swept through his mind's eye, the host's own twisted delight nestled in his core like a content serpent. No matter how hard Rick tried to free himself from the thread, it threw up barbs to snag him like a caught fish, dragging Rick closer to whisper menacingly into his ear.

All mine.

It wasn't so much a phrase as it was an all-encompassing state of being. This Rick's yearning for control was paralleled only by his sadism, the two unquestionably linked. The clamor for possession trumped all other emotions, a bloodthirsty willingness to do anything to achieve total control. It permeated every facet of this Rick's mind, the obsession summed up in the disturbing image of a headless body suspended by long strips of skin—a lifeless puppet on bloody strings.

Whoever this guy is, Rick thought, he's a sociopath with a god complex.

Without Rick's willing it, the thread took an abrupt turn and a new scene flooded his mind: rows upon rows of Ricks in Galactic Federation uniform. As if the incongruity of military alliances weren't confusing enough, the soldiers' turgid skin was that unmistakable shade of death, and twin black pits sat where their eyes had been. They pushed blindly past Rick as the procession marched dutifully forward through a war-torn city—no, the Citadel. Rick recognized the tall buildings and larger-than-life statues from the main atrium, only now vertical banners veiled every face, the GF emblems on them crossed out with a ragged X.

From between the neatly formed lines of soldiers, Rick caught sight of a small figure standing in the midst of the gruesome death march. It glimpsed in and out of view, but as Rick drew nearer, all his attention narrowed down to that single point of familiar long hair and white robe now splashed with red.

Oh, god.

Mouse stood with his head bowed, impervious to the soldiers that marched by him. Like a shiv to his gut, it reminded Rick of how Mouse had appeared on the Morty Auction stage, the very definition of defenseless. A pair of hands, unsettlingly similar to Rick's, crept over Mouse's thin shoulders to lace themselves around his throat. As Mouse was quietly lifted off the ground and strangled by the bodiless hands, Rick called out, his voice muted and impotent within the mental projection. Beyond Mouse, the white robe stretched upwards and out until it bled into one of the massive, red banners that hung from a looming monument. Then it began to fall, slowly cascading down like a torrent of blood to reveal the gold-plated figure beneath.

Riq.

As Rick gazed up at the statue, his body froze in fear. Any other threads that Rick's subconscious had been tracing were swiftly dashed apart, and Rick felt profoundly alone. The same stomach-churning agitation that plagued Rick during his last encounter with the council leader came back with a vengeance.

In front of him, Mouse's eyes were wide, his mouth moving as he silently cried out one syllable again and again.

Rick... Rick...

"Rick! R-Rick! Please don't stop!" Mouse was calling out his name in a pleading whine. "Please! I'm almost—nnngh!—almost there!"

Rick blinked, snapping out of his stupor. It took him a moment to get his bearings again. He was still kneeling on the bed, Mouse suspended in his arms, his tongue buried in Mouse's ass. What had felt like minutes playing spectator to Riq's horror flicks had actually only been seconds, and Mouse's weeping hole was still clenching fitfully around his tongue, desperate for Rick's attention.

A blaze of voracity roared within Rick, and he attacked Mouse's ass anew, stimulating him until his nerves rang. He relished the sweet cries and the whirlwind of Resonance-driven thoughts that swathed Rick in love and encouragement as he raced to block out the unsettling revelations he'd stumbled across.

The ghost of Riq's thoughts threatened to taint Rick's mind, and in an ardent feat born from both fear and a desperate desire to claim Mouse as his own, Rick thrust his tongue as deep as it would go, the fat base pushing against Mouse's inner walls as he growled low in his throat.

The vibrations propelled Mouse's nerves into overdrive, and, for the second time that night, he was cumming. His legs tensed, toes splayed, and he arched completely off of Rick's lap, hands grabbing fistfuls of the sheets where he braced himself. Stuttered exclamations ripped themselves from Mouse's throat as ejaculate shot from his cock to paint his chest and neck in hot droplets.

Rather than riding the Resonance out to the furthest corners of the Citadel, Rick turned inward instead, savoring the intoxicating feel of Mouse and only Mouse in his mind. His thoughts were a sanctuary compared to the hellscape he'd witnessed, and he was quickly engrossed in the blissful sensations that rebounded off of Mouse and into himself.

After Mouse's orgasm had swelled to its peak, it eventually ebbed, rolling out of him like mist over a mountainside. In its wake, Mouse was left drained and delirious with sex's aftertaste, and when Rick relaxed his grip, he slid into a limp, panting heap on the sheets. Cheeks flushed, the faint glow of Mouse's eyes shone from beneath his lashes, pulsing in time with his heart.

Even before the final remnants of Resonance left him, Rick was already on all fours, his own cock in his hand. It burned a furious red, and despite his earlier restraint, Rick knew he couldn't go without release for much longer. He braced himself over Mouse, fisting his cock in quiet desperation.

Leaning down to lick a drop of cum from Mouse's cheek, Rick nuzzled his neck, inhaling deeply to taste his musk on his palate and tongue. When Mouse stirred, mouth automatically seeking out Rick's, Rick closed his lips over his in a deep kiss. He dove his tongue in, a blatant replica of his earlier analingus, and Mouse arched into it with a needy moan.

Mouse startled Rick out of the kiss and drew a husky groan from him when he put his hands on Rick's cock. Rick pulled away to see Mouse looking up at him with an intense focus that belied his blissed-out daze.

"Let me?" Mouse's voice was steady despite his breathy exhalations.

"Mouse," Rick started, unsure of what to say next. He was already painfully hard, and the thought of Mouse on him was nearly enough to drive him over the edge. His body chose to answer for him, however, and he moved to recline alongside Mouse, his eyes never leaving him.

With surprising agility, Mouse quickly picked himself up and settled in front of Rick's erection, his hands already making themselves at home along the length of him, squeezing and stroking lightly, becoming familiar with him. The rest of Rick's body bore the savageries of a tough life, but thankfully his cock had been spared any disfigurement, and it stood thick and long and tremulous in Mouse's small hands. Rick held his breath as he watched, afraid that disturbing the very air would somehow wake him from this dream.

He was just about to reassure Mouse not to push himself, when in the next moment Mouse opened wide and took in the head of Rick's engorged cock.

It was just as hot and wet as he'd imagined, and, god, how many years had it been? How long since he'd last felt a mouth on him like this? Whatever were meant to be words came out as a growl, and he thrust wantonly into the succulent wetness of his mouth.

As Mouse's lips sealed over him completely, his skilled tongue massaged along the underside of Rick's glans, the blend of warmth and pressure heaven on Rick's cock. He gave head like a pro, and though Rick wondered briefly how a kid his age could be so experienced, he knew better than to dwell on that question for too long. A tantalizing flutter of Mouse's tongue quickly dispelled any reservations he had, urging him to just sit back and enjoy it.

Rick wasn't the only one enjoying himself, as evidenced by the trickle of Mouse's thoughts that nudged at the fringes of his mind. He smiled, cupping the back of Mouse's head appreciatively as Mouse began bobbing up and down his length in an impressive show of skill.

"Y-you're doing just fine, Mouse. Fuck," Rick hissed, toes curling. "More than fine. Aw, yeah, babe. Just like that." The chain of praise flowed easily from Rick, and each mark of encouragement sparked another wave of Resonance which Rick used in turn to further stroke Mouse's ego, feeding their cycle of sensual affection.

Gaining momentum and courage, Mouse drew off of Rick's member to suck hard at his tip, before plunging down again, coating him in wet warmth. Rick's hips jumped clear off the bed with another strangled "Fuck!" He wouldn't last long like this, not with the way Mouse was working him, and he slid his hand down to grasp Mouse behind the neck, signaling for him to stop. But even at Rick's urging, Mouse stayed put, steadfastly committed to giving Rick a—Gift... Gift... Strange choice of words, but the Resonance rang stubbornly in the center of his thoughts.

"Shit, Mouse. I'm—I'm gonna cum," Rick said through gritted teeth, his final warning. When Mouse's answer was only a resolute I can handle it, Rick murmured, "Okay, babe. If you can handle it," before he finally relented, letting the ember of orgasm in his groin spiral into a full-blown inferno. His abs contracted, and he dug his heels into the mattress on either side of Mouse as the orgasm engulfed him.

But Mouse was still on him. Not just on him, but swallowing him down, his throat enveloping Rick's pulsating cock, his nose buried in Rick's pubes. Holy—! Rick felt himself swell even thicker at the sensation of being deepthroated, and he shot load after load down Mouse's throat. His mouth agape, a long string of curses and gibberish tumbled out of him in an incoherent mess.

Once he'd emptied the last of his reserve and his muscles released their hold, Rick flopped unceremoniously atop the sheets. Convinced he'd be able to sleep for a month, he managed to give only a slight shudder when Mouse finally slipped Rick's spent dick free from his mouth. With all the finesse of a well-practiced routine, Mouse properly licked him clean then suckled lightly at his slit to drink down whatever remained.

"That's it. It's official. I've died a-and gone to fucking heaven," Rick wheezed, scrubbing a hand down his face. Raising both wobbly arms, he flapped his fingers in a c'mere gesture to Mouse, who paused momentarily before crawling up to nestle himself between Rick's arm and chest. With a grunt, Rick pulled back to look Mouse over quickly. "I didn't—didn't hurt you, did I?"

"No—" Mouse's answer came out muffled around a bubble in his throat. He coughed and tried again. "No. I-I'm all right." Did I do good? Tell me I did good.

"Yeah, Mouse. You did real good." Rick closed his eyes and yawned, the rigors of the day finally catching up with him and leaving him bone-tired. He wrapped an arm around Mouse, indulging in the feel of his warm skin against his. Sleep was looking like a very welcome reward right about now.

"You did it again, Rick."

Rick cracked open an eye. "Hm? Did what, babe?"

Mouse squirmed out of Rick's hold, and Rick felt an unpleasant chill where they no longer touched. "You talk to me like—like I said something, when I didn't. I-it happened before and it happened right now." He squinted his eyes, looking at Rick with something akin to wariness. "H-h-how are you doing that?"

Oh, boy. Rick tensed, knowing they'd have to have this talk eventually. Just didn't think it'd be so soon. "Actually, Mouse, it's—it's, uh, because of you." Sometimes simple and straightforward was the best approach.

"Because of me?" Mouse repeated slowly. He waited for Rick to continue.

Clearing his throat, Rick sat up so that he could talk to Mouse eye to eye. "That's right. S-see, you know how you—well, you grant Epiphanies, right?" Mouse nodded, shifting his focus to Rick's collarbones rather than his eyes and spurring Rick to leave the topic quickly. "It's k-kinda like that. Except, uh, when I do this," Rick paused to caress Mouse at the nape of his neck, massaging his fingers through Mouse's hair until his shoulders relaxed. "Or this—" He guided Mouse to him so that their lips met. Mouse responded instantly, leaning into the kiss, and when Rick gave a languid caress of his tongue, Mouse opened his mouth to grant him access. The Resonance began popping in Rick's mind, and he tore himself away long enough to whisper, "Th-think of something, Mouse. Anything."

Anything? Rick could see Mouse's thoughts stumbling under the command, unsure of what to make of it, unable to focus on any one thing. Finally, he settled on...

"Stars?" Rick asked, smiling at the image that was developing before him. "The stars you see from your room. It's a little window, hardly bigger than your head, but you like to watch the stars outside. Don't you?"

Mouse's eyes went wide, his jaw falling open. "Y-you—you can really—"

"Like I said, Mouse. It's thanks to you." Rick gave him a quick peck on the forehead. "When I make you feel good, you make me see thoughts."

Touching his hand to his forehead, Mouse pursed his lips, looking genuinely curious, "Is it just m-my thoughts?"

"No. I can hear others' too. Seems to just be the Ricks, though, some of them as far as on the other side of the Citadel. But yours," Rick tapped him playfully on the nose, "are my favorite."

Mouse was quiet for a minute, processing what he'd just been told. He vacillated between hesitation and gleeful wonder, which Rick experienced as Resonances swelling and snuffing out in quick succession in his brain. He lay silent, however, allowing Mouse to reach his own conclusions on how he felt about it.

As a Rick, he knew that not one of his kind would be pleased with the idea of someone mucking around in his head. Every Rick had his fair share of secrets which he went to great lengths to keep, and the Resonances easily posed a threat to that. But what about a Morty? What about Mouse? Rick knew that if Mouse ever decided that he didn't want him inside his head, he'd uphold that request, even if it sat at odds with his own selfish desires.

But he couldn't say the same about any other Rick. Especially not Riq.

Riq wouldn't stop, wouldn't even give Mouse the choice. He'd take whatever he wanted from him, whether or not he liked it—

But are you really any different? whispered a voice in Rick's head.

Hadn't he just touched Mouse in order to trigger a Resonance? Hadn't he fondled him until he was a blithering mess in his arms as he waltzed around the hundreds of minds he was suddenly privy to? No, he thought doggedly. It wasn't the same. He'd only been trying to understand what a Resonance could do. It was necessary to figure out—

And the next time? Naturally, any good experiment requires—So he's just an experiment to you, is he? No. That wasn't why—You literally stroked the information you wanted from Mouse. But only so that—You can get what you want. No, the only thing I want is—To satisfy your own revenge.

"What's it like in there? In my thoughts?" Mouse's question broke through Rick's barrage of self-hate. He was looking at Rick with such fascination that it made Rick blink. There wasn't a single trace of accusation in Mouse's voice, only interest. A small gust of Resonance carried Mouse's sincerity with it, and Rick breathed a sigh of relief.

"It's amazing," Rick said automatically. "I mean, it's—shit, how do I describe it?" He raked his fingers through his hair, blushing at his obvious floundering. How was it that this kid could make him feel like he was the child? Mouse had already happily resumed his spot against Rick's chest, so he eased himself down, enjoying the peace that once again settled over them. With one arm wrapped around Mouse, he waved the other abstractly through the air as he spoke. "It's like—like if you're thinking something—bam—you mean every bit of it. No second guesses. No nothing. It's clean. Pure." His fingers went slack as the word hung between them. "Okay. I'll admit it. That sounded lame."

"It's not lame," Mouse said softly. "I like that." As if his words weren't clear enough, the echoes in his thoughts confirmed it. "But, Rick—" They whisked away suddenly as Mouse scrunched up his shoulders, his voice faltering, "I-I don't think anyone would ever call me 'pure.'"

"Hey, hey, hey. Don't talk like that, Mouse." Rick squeezed him tighter. "No matter what they did to you, th-they can't take away what you have, Mouse. Who you are." Gently lifting Mouse's chin to face him, he added. "Remember what I said? You're going to do amazing things, Mouse. N-nothing's gonna change that." He kissed him on the lips then pressed his forehead to his. "And I wanna be there to see every minute of it."

"Rick—" Mouse started, but Rick cut him off with another kiss, this one slower, deeper.

"You bet I mean it," he answered Mouse's silent inquiry.

Mouse lowered his gaze and tapped his finger on Rick's chest as he formulated his next question. This time, Rick waited patiently, giving Mouse time to voice it himself rather than preempting him through a Resonance. There were some things that needed to be said aloud.

"But, R-Rick." He stalled. "What'll you do with it? I mean, w-with being able to, y'know, read minds?"

Rick readjusted his arms around Mouse, looking up at the ceiling as he broached his answer with care. "I think the question isn't so much what I'm gonna do with it, but what others might."

"Others?"

"Mouse," Rick paused to sit upright, bracing Mouse at arm's length. He needed to know that Mouse understood what he was about to tell him. "Mouse, you have no idea how powerful the Resonance—I mean, reading minds is. You already know what Ricks are willing to do to get Epiphanies. But a Resonance, it's—imagine it like an Epiphany times a hundred. There are people out there who would—they would kill, Mouse. Honestly kill for it. A lot of people will suffer if they ever find this out about you, Mouse. That's why we have to—"

"Take me away." Mouse was already nodding, resignation pinching his brow.

"That's the game plan."

"But how?"

Against all his instincts, Rick pushed forward with the ugly truth. "That...I don't know yet. It's something we'll have to figure out together."

Rick had assumed that Mouse would shy away from the prospect of diving headfirst into something as precarious as escaping the Citadel. But to his surprise, the boy preened instead. A swirl of Resonance solidified his suspicions: Mouse was actually glad to be entrusted with such an important task. He liked being useful, relied on. It made him feel like—

The image of a young man suddenly filled Rick's mind. He had Mouse's eyes and gentle smile, but he was now taller, more toned. Not just toned, buff. The figure rocked washboard abs and broad, muscular shoulders. And, most surprising, he sported an impressive mohawk.

Is this how he wants to see himself?

Rick bit his tongue before he could ask. He had the sense that Mouse would be embarrassed to have his personal fantasies exposed, but he couldn't suppress a chuckle. Before Mouse could catch on, Rick quickly redirected the conversation.

Flicking his eyes down to Mouse's torso, he coughed, "But, anyway, first I think we could both use a shower. What do ya say?"

...

Mouse ran his finger down the fogged glass, adding yet another feather to the bird's already majestic plumage. The bird, which usually stood static with its wings tucked meekly to its sides, now boasted an extra pair that sprouted bombastically from its back. They fanned out, feathers spread, arching over the idyllic pond scene that was etched into the glass door.

"Would you look at that. You got a real knack for art, kid."

With his back still to him, Mouse smiled bashfully at Rick's compliment. "I-I think he looks happier this way." Glancing over his shoulder, he met Rick's eye where he sat on the shower's built-in seat. "I've been wanting to do this since—well, since forever."

Mouse had rarely gone inside the winner's suite shower stall, and he could only remember the occasional visitor opting to use it over the more luxurious Jacuzzi sitting just outside. The shower, with its earth tone tilework and unadorned walls was much more modest than the rest of the suite, the only stroke of artistic flourish found in the detailed motif on the door.

It was only when the two began their shower that Rick had pointed out that the long-necked bird from the picture was, in fact, a "crane," and the ringed sticks standing straight up beside it were "bamboo." According to Rick, they were symbols of prosperity in something called an A-jun culture back on Earth.

"Yeah, well, it's about time this place got a makeover," Rick said, beckoning to Mouse with one hand. In his other cupped hand, he held a generous dollop of purple shampoo, its lavender scent filling the confined space. "And, speaking of which, it's time we got you cleaned up." Scooting back on the seat, Rick tucked one leg up and patted the space in front of him.

Mouse turned from his art and obediently took his seat between Rick's thighs, allowing him to work the shampoo through his thick hair. "Y'know, Rick, th-they always clean me a-afterwards anyway."

Rick snorted and replied without missing a beat, "Yeah, well, I bet I can do a better job than them." He was busy lathering the wet locks with delicate, probing fingers until the shampoo grew into a frothy cloud. "Unless you'd prefer them over me?"

"No! N-no, of course I wouldn't—" Mouse began hastily, then stopped himself, a smile slowly breaking over his face. "Heeey, was that a joke?" He smacked Rick playfully on the knee, grinning.

"I dunno. M-maybe I should let your Eun-Ricks have a go at it. They probably know how to deal with all this hair better than me." As if to illustrate his point, Rick drew out two long pieces from either side of Mouse's head and wiggled them. "I swear, Mouse, you could gag someone with this stuff if you really wanted to." He mimed wrapping the locks around his own throat and choking.

Mouse caught his reflection in the wall-mounted mirror and giggled at the sight of his hair writhing about like snakes in the steamy air.

Rick continued, "For real, though, I think you've rocked the Rapunzel look long enough." He tapped a finger to his chin thoughtfully. "What if we tried...this." Rick swept his hands over the foamy suds atop Mouse's head, shaping them into twin peaks. "And now my little mouse becomes a cat."

Mouse scoffed at the sight of the new him. He looked ridiculous. "O-oh, yeah?" Two can play at that game. Grabbing the shampoo bottle and pouring a liberal amount into his hands, he turned to tackle Rick, rubbing his hair into a frothy mess. In seconds, he'd worked it into a massive afro.

This amused Rick to no end, and he smacked his thigh hard as he roared with laughter at his own reflection. Mouse jumped at the unexpected outburst, but gradually his timidity dissolved under the sound, and he began laughing too. Horseplay was still foreign to Mouse, and he initially stumbled like a newborn calf until the two of them were fooling around like they'd been friends their whole lives.

With another flurry of his hands, Rick sculpted Mouse's suds into a heaping bouffant, while Mouse had him sporting a trumpeting elephant atop his head. Mouse's doofy bowl cut was countered by a teetering tower of suds on Rick. Mullet, beehive, pigtails—each hairstyle brought about a fresh round of laughter until they were holding their sides, they were laughing so hard.

Mouse was the first to come out of it, his cheeks now very sore. "C-c'mon, Rick." He shook his head, sending some of the suds flying, then sat up straighter, arms crossed. "Give me—try to give me a real hairdo."

Tilting his head until his soap-hair slid off, Rick thought for a moment. "Okay. I think I've got just the one." Rick scraped the suds away from the sides then brought his hands together, arranging the mass of purple-tinged foam into a neat row down the center of Mouse's head. The mohawk wobbled as Mouse turned his head to either side to give himself a better look in the mirror.

When he locked eyes with his reflection's, however, he stilled, suddenly not recognizing the smiling boy in the mirror. The upward curve of his lips over straight, white teeth; the way his eyes became dark crescents over the swell of his cheeks. Was this really him? Happiness bared itself so naturally on his face that he wondered how he'd gone without it for so long.

Rick leaned into the frame to gaze into the mirror alongside Mouse. He hummed, a soft smile on his lips. "Yeah. I think it fits you too."

"Thank you," Mouse whispered. A spate of utter contentment washed through him, and he gave a happy sigh as he relaxed into Rick's touch. Without a word, Rick gently eased Mouse back against his chest, his heart rapping a reassuring beat through Mouse's ribs. He maneuvered the shower head to wash away the suds, running his fingers along Mouse's temples to loosen any remaining shampoo.

As Rick cupped his hand over Mouse's brow to keep the suds from running into his eyes, Mouse tucked his chin, watching the soapy streams flow down his chest, around his belly, and between his thighs. The water veered around the unevenness of his skin and eddied at the warped flesh where C-165's blade had tried to castrate him over a year ago.

He closed his eyes.

Every Rick—every single Rick who visited him, without fail, had left their mark on him in some way. The scars emblazoned his skin like cattle branding, claiming him inch by inch.

Mouse didn't understand how Ricks worked sometimes. On the one hand, they treated him like he was something to treasure. Ricks would come into the winner's suite with their hands clasped together in prayer, kneeling before him and spouting on about the wonders of the Epiphanies. But inevitably those same hands would become claws, eagerly tearing into Mouse like he were a cut of meat.

Except for Rick. Mouse shook his head, frustrated by the lack of names to choose from. I mean, my Rick. Rick—the same Rick that was currently working a rose-scented conditioner into his hair—had never lifted a finger to hurt him.

For you, Mouse. I came back for you.

That had been his response to Mouse's prior question, but another matter still went unresolved, cleaving Mouse with worry.

"Rick?"

"Yes, Mouse?"

"Why did you come t-to see me?"

"I already told you, Mouse. For—"

"N-no! I know that." He pressed his hands against the bench to keep from wringing them and bowed his head. "I mean...the first time."

Rick's hands stopped where they were rinsing the conditioner out. A second of silence passed before Rick resumed his work, gingerly squeezing the ends of Mouse's hair until the water ran clear. Just when Mouse considered asking again, Rick spoke.

"Do you trust me, Mouse?"

Now it was Mouse's turn to hesitate. What should've come out as a simple answer got caught in Mouse's throat, tangled up in his own conflicting outlooks. Experience had shaped Mouse's worldview so that there was no room for trust. That had been stripped from him, leaving only a constant apprehension in its place. But for Rick?

"Yes," he found himself saying.

"Then trust me when I say that I'd never hurt you, Mouse. Ever." Finished with rinsing Mouse's hair, Rick placed both hands on Mouse's shoulders, his eyes gazing steadily into his through the mirror. A look of severity replaced his earlier merriment. "I was supposed to kill you that first night."

Mouse blinked, not sure what to make of Rick's confession. A burst of questions sparked through his mind, each paving grimmer and grimmer paths. Rick's hand on his snapped him out of his dark cloud, and the growing knot of dread untangled as Rick's fingers laced with his own.

"Guess you can figure out that part didn't quite go as planned."

Mouse swallowed, scared but determined to press on. "W-why were you supposed to kill me, Rick?"

"Because I wanted to take down the Council, and you were the only way I could think of to do that." Rick chuckled bitterly. "You may not believe this, but you probably single-handedly made the Council what they are today. Before you, they were nothing but paper pushers, but now with the Epiphanies and their Elite groupies—I don't think you know what they're capable of doing—"

"I think I do," Mouse cut in, "I-if it's anything like w-what they did to me, then I know."

Rick cocked his head as though listening for something. Hearing nothing, he asked quietly, "What did they do to you, Mouse?"

Mouse lifted his shoulders then dropped them, more a gesture of defeat than a shrug. "I—I can't talk about it."

There was a second's pause, and then Rick gave Mouse a quick squeeze. "It's okay. You don't have to." Huffing a long sigh through his nose, Rick added with grim humor, "In any case, then you probably wouldn't blame me for wanting to take them down."

"Doesn't everyone?" His own bitterness shocked him, but Rick only gave an impressed whistle.

"So this little mouse has teeth."

"But what did—I mean, can you tell me what they did to you, Rick?"

"Oh, just locked me up for nothing."

"You mean you were in prison?" Mouse couldn't hide the surprise from his voice. He already had a pretty good idea of what made Rick different from the regular Elite who visited him, but he'd never heard of an Elite going to prison before.

"Yup," Rick replied. "Ten long, stinkin' years in some GF shit hole. I think they left me there expecting me to kick the bucket. Thanks to a buddy of mine, though, I broke out a few months ago."

Mouse listened with rapt attention as Rick recounted the major events of his past: the unexpected raid from the Galactic Federation, his fraudulent arrest and incarceration. Prison sounded like it'd been a daily fight for survival, but Mouse couldn't help but note the uncanny similarities between Rick's imprisonment and his own. Denied his freedom, tortured regularly, treated like less than human. Mouse was shocked to learn that a Rick could live such a life.

It was only once Rick began to go even further back in time, however, that Mouse's eyes went wide. Mouse hadn't really stopped to consider that Rick had a family too—the same family as his, in fact—and it was strange hearing him talk about his parents and sister in a way that just wasn't quite right. It was like he was naming characters in a play that they'd both watched, but where the director had written different stories.

The concept of the multiverse was familiar to Mouse, and he'd heard often enough from Ricks that there were apparently infinite "copies" of him walking around within the very Citadel he lived in. He'd just never had the opportunity to meet any of them, so the idea remained a distant abstraction, like trying to imagine a color he'd never seen before.

Mouse learned that Rick had been absent for most of his daughter's life only to reappear after her son died in childbirth. By contrast, Mouse remembered growing up in a home full of fond accounts of Grandpa Rick—though he'd never actually met the man himself. That was because Grandpa Rick had passed away on the very day Mouse had been born.

"Well, shit. If that isn't poetic irony, I don't know what is."

"Yeah. I guess that is pretty weird," Mouse agreed, his voice trailing off.

"But, uh, hey." Rick poked him in the ribs, snapping him out of his doldrums. "At least you never had a Grandpa Rick to drive you bonkers! Talking your ear off about the 'good old days,' embarrassing you in front of your friends, wanting to drag you around on crazy space adventures—"

"Oh, and like you're not?"

Rick grinned, his tongue between his teeth. "Guilty. And don't forget about the obligatory wrestling lessons." He looped one hand beneath Mouse's arms, grasping him behind the neck in a half Nelson. With his other hand, he skittered his fingers down his sides, eliciting peals of laughter from Mouse.

Mouse squealed, squirming in his grasp. "H-hey! Cheater! At least give me a heads up!"

"Oh-ho? You're in no position to make demands, buster, especially when I've got the soapy fingers here." He waggled his fingers in mock threat, then attacked Mouse's ribs, tickling him mercilessly.

"All right! A-all right!" Mouse cried amid fits of laughter. "No fair!" he howled. "M-my cheeks are killing me!" In a final desperate attempt, Mouse managed to wriggle free of Rick's hold. He whipped around and grabbed Rick's wrists, using all his weight to pin them to the shower seat. When he looked up to glare at Rick with all the ire he could muster, Rick only smiled and pecked him on the lips. Mouse bristled in surprise.

Taking advantage of Mouse's compromised state, Rick drew in for another kiss. Then another, each kiss coming slower and softer. They chipped away at Mouse's faux anger until he relinquished his hold on Rick's hands to wreathe his arms around his neck.

How Rick always managed to reduce him to this astounded Mouse. "It's really no fair, Rick."

"What's not fair?" Rick asked innocently.

"That you make me feel this way." Mouse's eyes were heavy with want as he placed his knees on either side of Rick's thighs. His erection prodded Rick's stomach, and Mouse wasn't sure if it was the steam from the hot water or the blood pooling in his groin that made him dizzy.

"If that's me being unfair, then that makes two of us," Rick practically growled. He grabbed Mouse by the back of the head and held him as he kissed his way into Mouse's welcoming mouth.

There was so much more Mouse would've said, had he been able to speak. He'd have thanked Rick for opening himself up to him, for being with him like this, here and loving and wonderful. Instead, he let his stream of moans lose themselves in Rick's mouth.

His thighs suddenly weak with desire, Mouse sat himself down on Rick's lap. When his cock bumped against Rick's raging member, he thrust forward impulsively, suddenly wanting much more.

"Rick," he spoke into the corner of Rick's lips, his heart a jackhammer. "Rick."

"I'm listening," Rick said. He slid his hands over Mouse's back and around to his chest, rolling his nipples beneath his thumbs. This sent fiery jolts of electricity down to Mouse's groin.

Mouse gave a frustrated cry, wiggling his ass. "B-but you already know what I want! Don't make me—"

"But I want to hear it."

He gritted his teeth, bullying his tongue to form the words that thwarted him. "I—" he choked back another cry of arousal. "I want you—" His hands flexed as he tried to get the words out. "I want you i-insi—"

There was a sharp rapping of knuckles on the shower door.

Mouse squawked in surprise and reflexively pushed himself away from Rick, startled.

"Master Rick?" A shrill voice came through over the sound of the beating water. "Master Rick, I regret to inform you that your session is already up."

Mama Eun-Rick! Mouse looked quickly to the door, a cold sweat of relief washing down his nape when he found it was fogged with steam. Mama Eun-Rick's form was a shadowy mass beyond the pane.

When he turned back to Rick, Rick had a finger pressed to his lips. His gaze was focused on the door, and after giving Mouse a comforting glance, he cleared his throat and answered, "Y-yeah. We'll be right—" He cringed at his choice of words. "I'll be right out."

The shadow shuffled, and Mouse could see Mama Eun-Rick was standing in profile as though she'd pressed an ear to the door. "Master, please allow me to remove The One so that you may ready yourself at your leisure. I shall see that he is attended to before your parting."

"Rick, please don't—" Mouse whispered to Rick. "Don't make me go!"

"It'll be fine, Mouse," he whispered back. He squeezed Mouse's arms reassuringly. "We can't have anyone knowing what we—what happens when we're together. Just act like everything's normal. Can you do that for me?"

His brows crinkled in worry, but Mouse obeyed, nodding shakily. It was only when he stepped off the bench that he remembered his state of arousal.

"I'm sending him out now," came Rick's voice. Mouse bowed his shoulders and covered his erection with both hands, flicking Rick a pleading look. "But, uh, g-get him a towel first, would ya?"

Mama Eun-Rick snapped her fingers, and a second figure appeared. The door opened a crack, and a white towel was pushed through. "Come along now, dear." Her voice was about as welcoming as a pit of vipers, and Mouse cowered as he took the towel from her gnarled, bejeweled fingers.

Wrapping the towel around his waist, he looked up at the glass motif, watching sullenly as condensation gathered in one spot and fell in a fat tear down the crane's elegant beak. The sudden change from blissful and aroused to harried and apprehensive had Mouse's stomach doing flips, and he took a shaky breath before steeling himself.

He'd barely stepped out of the stall when Mama Eun-Rick snatched him roughly by the upper arm and dragged him to the bedroom. Her nails bit into his shower-pinked skin, and he tripped over his own legs at her speedy pace.

Face twisted in disdain, she seethed, "It's just one fucking thing after another with you. I'm breaking my back trying to make this circus run right, and here you are, ignoring the time limit like it doesn't even matter? How can you be so irresponsible?!"

Time limit? Mouse had completely forgotten himself and all the rules that he normally followed with a client. The four-hour limit itself was so deeply ingrained in his psyche that he could normally sense its approach like clockwork, initiating the parting ritual well in advance of Mama Eun-Rick's arrival.

When they'd reached the bed, Mama Eun-Rick wrenched Mouse around to shove him down onto it. He scrambled to keep the towel in place when it almost slipped, then glanced up quickly at her, ready for another reprimand. Instead, Mama Eun-Rick was looking at him expectantly as though she were waiting for him to do—well, something, but for the life of him, Mouse couldn't guess what it was. Her eyes skirted over his face, torso, and even hips like she were expecting to find some kind of physical transformation. When her scan proved to be unfruitful, contempt once again settled over her features.

"Do you think the whole Citadel revolves around you? Hm?" She towered over Mouse, glaring at him like he were a shitstain on her prized panties. She snapped her head to the other Eun-Rick standing nearby. "Get the other one and start cleaning this place up. It smells like—" Her nostrils flared as she sniffed at the air and made a face. "Just get it clean. And fetch the Rick his clothes." She tsked at the grungy jumpsuit crumpled on the sheets.

"Mama, p-please don't be mad. I'm s-sorry I forgot." The apologies tumbled from Mouse on automatic. He was used to belittling himself in order to defuse Mama Eun-Rick's vicious temper, even as a small voice whispered inside him, I'm not sorry.

Turning back to Mouse, Mama Eun-Rick hissed, "You're nothing but a pathetic, little brat. You're not worth my time, not the Council's time, and certainly not that stinking Rick's time." She jabbed a finger in the direction of the bathroom where the shower stall was tucked out of sight.

"That's not true." Mouse's voice came out as a whisper coated in iron.

Mama Eun-Rick drew back and narrowed her eyes. "What did you just say?"

Mouse swallowed. "Th-that's not true. I'm n-not worthless. And he doesn't stink, you do." He pushed himself up to sit straighter, arms braced behind him.

"Why, you ungrateful, little—" Mama Eun-Rick suddenly paused, shooting a glance to the bathroom before swinging her arm back and slapping Mouse hard across the face with the back of her hand. The smack reverberated through the room, and pain exploded over Mouse's cheek, knocking him back.

His nerves burned where Mama Eun-Rick had struck him, the pain seeping deep beneath his skin until it encased his heart.

How dare she?

A flash of something bright and sharp began to pulse at his center.

She has no right.

Like fire snaking up the side of a burning building, hate smoldered and crackled inside Mouse.

She'll pay for that.

Mouse slowly turned and leveled his gaze at Mama Eun-Rick to see—really see her for the first time. Where he usually saw a domineering and imposing figure, a wretched old woman stood in her place. The lines of age around her eyes suddenly stood out sharply in the accented light; her rouge lips, painfully cracked and thin. Like reading lines from a script, Mouse felt himself dipping into the pool of Mama Eun-Rick's greatest insecurities and unconsciously projecting them back onto her.

YOU'RE JUST A WRINKLY, OLD HAS-BEEN.

Mama Eun-Rick suddenly froze, a line of dismay scything itself down her brow. She opened her mouth only to close it again wordlessly.

NO AMOUNT OF MAKEUP OR JEWELRY CAN HIDE IT.

Unable to move, her eyes flicked over to her hand where it was poised in mid-air. It trembled slightly. A crass satisfaction filled Mouse as he watched her with unfeeling eyes. From around the corner, Rick suddenly burst out from the bathroom, a cloud of steam following behind him. His hair was matted down with water, and his jumpsuit was still wet in places. He clutched the edge of the wall as he took in the scene.

"What in the hell is going on here?" Rick bellowed, his gaze flicking between Mama Eun-Rick's raised hand and the patch of red skin blooming over Mouse's cheek.

YOU'RE ALONE AND ALWAYS WILL BE.

Flinching back as though physically struck, Mama Eun-Rick shook her head, first looking briefly to Mouse, then to the ground, and then to Rick. "I..." she started, her voice shaky. "I have to— F-forgive me, Master. Something's come up. I'll, uh—" She was backing away, hands clutching at her face, desperately lifting the sagging skin of her cheeks. "I'll have th-the other Eun-Ricks attend to— I-I have to go!"

Stumbling over her high heels, she practically dove for the door, rushing past an alarmed Eun-Rick in the process. Rick shot one last glare in her direction before kneeling in front of Mouse. He grabbed him by the hand, cupping his injured cheek with the other. One of Mama Eun-Rick's rings had left a shallow cut, and a spatter of bruises were already turning purple beneath the red handprint.

Mouse could hear Rick speaking to him, but it came through distorted as though he were hearing it underwater. The pounding of his rage-driven heart still filled his ears, but as he looked up into Rick's concerned eyes, it began to fade like a retreating tide.

"Are you okay?" Rick was asking. "What happened? I felt an Epiphany and then—"

It took a moment for Mouse to get his mouth to move properly. "I don't know what happened," he croaked. It was the truth. "I just got...angry at her." Whatever had transpired evaporated like a dream, slipping through his fingers until he was grasping at nothing, and Mouse was only left with an overwhelming exhaustion. He toppled forward into Rick's arms, resting his head against Rick's shoulder. "I feel sick," he whispered.

"It's gonna be okay, Mouse. I'll get you—" Rick was suddenly interrupted by a hand on his shoulder. He snapped his head around, on high alert. The Eun-Rick, however, only smiled softly at him, looking pointedly at Mouse before speaking.

"Master Rick, The One requires medical attention. Please. Allow us," he said gently, holding out a small container of translucent bandages by way of explanation. Rick looked about ready to protest, but he acquiesced when Mouse nodded his approval. Mouse let the Eun-Rick apply two bandages carefully over the damaged skin, wincing only slightly. He managed a small "thanks" as the Eun-Rick worked.

Once he was finished, the Eun-Rick gracefully dismissed himself, retreating to the door without another word. There, another Eun-Rick met him, and the two had a brief but heated argument before the first Eun-Rick finally pulled the second with him into the hallway. Alone again, Mouse and Rick gave twin sighs of relief before catching each others' eyes and smiling.

"S-sometimes they can actually be nice. The other Eun-Ricks, I mean," Mouse offered, setting about to braid his still wet hair. The familiar pattern of movement always soothed his frayed nerves.

"Compared to that bitch, sure." Rick rose to his feet and sat beside Mouse. He petted Mouse on the head and added, "She's just one more reason we need to get you out of here."

"If I ever get out of here, I'm never looking back. Not ever."

"You mean when you get out of here."

"But when is when?" Mouse's voice cracked with weariness, and although he knew it wasn't fair to ask this of Rick, he also thought that he might not survive this much longer. There was so much happening, so many new things that scared him, and he didn't know what would be left of him when it was over.

Rick ran his tongue over his teeth as he thought. "I'll figure out a way, Mouse. Soon."

Mouse had reached the end of his braid and looked down at the loose hairs glumly. Without a word, Rick held his hand out in front of him, a tattered piece of dark cloth pinched in his fingers. It matched his jumpsuit.

"To remember me by," Rick said with a crooked grin. When Mouse offered his braid, Rick looped the scrap around the end and tied it off with a double knot. "There." It was crude compared to the ribbon that usually adorned his hair, but to Mouse it was as beautiful as spun silk.

Just then, there came a polite cough from the door. The Eun-Rick from before stepped quickly inside and bowed his head low. "Master Rick, it is time," he said from his prostrated pose.

Rick gave a nod before leaning forward to whisper in Mouse's ear, "I'll come for you as soon as I can. But until then, just imagine I'm with you, and y-you'll have no reason to be afraid." Checking to make sure that the Eun-Rick's gaze was still fixed on the floor, Rick stole a quick kiss that had Mouse's heart singing a high, quivering note.

As he watched Rick leave the room, head held high and gait confident, Mouse felt some of that courage flow into him as well, and he clutched the cloth around his braid in a trembling fist.

"All right, mate. Let's have a go, eh?" Investment Rick chirped, punching the numbers of his handheld calculator until the plastic groaned. He pressed the calculator to his face, his gold rings shining as he squinted at the small screen. "Don't tell me this thing is on the—urp!—bung again." He shook the device before checking the number again. "The total for the month is—Crickey!" he exclaimed, his eyes wide. "1.6 million credits! You're making the big bickies now!"

"Well, naturally," Auctioneer Rick said, grinning back at his accountant. He buffed his nails on his satin lapel and examined his immaculate cuticles for the hangnails he knew weren't there. "All in a day's hard work. Now make sure to divvy up the commission as usual: 25% to Plumbus Laboratories stocks, 15% to my HOA. Keep a reserve of another 15% for Council tax, and don't forget your 5% cut." The instructions came as briskly as his pace as the two strode down the hallway in the direction of the Council Chamber.

Thankfully, Investment Rick was as capable with Auctioneer Rick's finances as he was with the stock market, and he handled the large sums of money with ease, throwing in the occasional "bonzer!" or "crash hot!" as he tallied the income. Auctioneer Rick preened at his enthusiasm; it only further emphasized the fact that they were dealing with numbers in the millions, rather than mere thousands.

And he knew exactly whom he had to thank for that.

Bravo, Rick of X-280. Bravo. A humorless smile tugged at Auctioneer Rick's lips.

He tuned out Investment Rick's exuberant, albeit mystifying, accolades and allowed his thoughts to dwell once more on the topic that had been occupying his attention for the better part of the week. He would have loved to bask in the afterglow that came with such a boon, but he knew it had come with a hefty price. The old adage about a poisoned chalice had never been truer.

Since the moment that cocky bastard had waltzed in, Auctioneer Rick's wallet had been generously fattened while his precious Morty Auctions lay in shambles. He'd barely held them together before losing total control and having to rely on the Guards' interference in order to slip away in one piece. Even the public auctions weren't immune to the trickle-down effect, with more than half of his regular attendees boycotting Façade the moment they heard about the new kid on the block.

The mystery trust fund baby.

The high roller.

The X-Rick.

He couldn't suppress a shudder at the dimensional designation. Nothing good ever came from X-Ricks. Of course, they weren't literal "Morty murderers," as the urban legends went, but as far as Auctioneer Rick could see, they certainly lived up to their reputation of being bad luck. The pitiful state of his auctions was evidence enough of the X-Rick's effect. Not only did the desertion of common-Ricks threaten to hurt his future paychecks, but the staggering number of disgruntled Elite was killing his reputation as a master of ceremonies.

Auctioneer Rick shut his eyes against the glare of the overhead lights, swallowing down the lump of dread in his throat.

54. Over 54 scathing complaints had been submitted by Elite directly to Auctioneer Rick regarding the X-Rick's admittance to the private Morty Auction. And that was just from the first night. He hadn't even checked his inbox after last night's debacle, but he already knew it wasn't going to be pretty.

No one liked having an X-Rick anywhere near his Mortys, and to the Elite, allowing such a deplorable rogue into the auctions was about as tasteful as finding a condom in the butter dish. After all, for all their fallacies, Ricks still had a little something called class.

The common-Ricks may have had superstitions and prejudices fueling their outrage, but the Elite had something much worse: their pride. And there was nothing more fragile or more menacing than a Rick's pride. Some of the Council's most prized Ricks had even threatened to renounce their Elite status—contract be damned—because they couldn't stand the idea of an X-Rick bidding alongside them and, worse yet, winning. ?-531 had been halfway to the shipyard after the first night, when the Council finally intervened and made amends. From what Auctioneer Rick heard, the fat bastard had even demanded a personal apology from none other than Riq IV himself.

Auctioneer Rick hid a smile behind his fingers. What I would've given to see that megalomaniac groveling at ?'s feet like a whore to her pimp.

"Say again, mate?"

"Uh, n-nothing. Just saying the lounge needs to order more shrimp." He picked up his pace, willing away the scandalous fantasy that had intruded his thoughts. "Now, quit dawdling, Brother. You know how Riq hates to be kept waiting. If I'm late, he'll—"

"Oh! Oh! Let me have a bAAUGHsh at this," Investment Rick piped up, beaming so widely that the light glinted off his gold tooth. "I reckon his words were, 'I'll fuck your skull like a pocket pussy!'"

Auctioneer Rick nearly lost his footing as he stared confounded at Investment Rick's cheerful but morbid announcement. The Aussie was known for his steadfast peppy spirit, but he could be chillingly perceptive sometimes. More than once, Auctioneer Rick wondered just how attuned the optimistic broker was to their tenuous circumstances.

As a Rick who worked closely with the temperamental and unpredictable Council, Auctioneer Rick did his best to keep his head down and follow the Council without drawing undue attention. Stay down, stay quiet, stay alive. It was his personal motto, and his years of obedience had rewarded him handsomely.

His loyalty to the Council came easily enough. It wasn't all that different, in fact, to how he approached the stage. While he excelled at commanding an audience's attention, he was also ever mindful of what his spectators expected of him in return. He could redirect his performance as easily as a chameleon changes its skin, the desire to please governing his every move in a constant dance of give and take. Whatever they wanted from him, he would give with all of his body and heart, and in exchange they stroked his ego to bursting.

Maybe that's why it wasn't too hard a decision to leave the theatre and take on the role as emcee for the Morty Auctions. Besides, the allure of prestige was too great to pass up.

And why wouldn't he want to give everything of himself to the Council? They had already done so much for him and his kind so far. With the uniting of Ricks under the Citadel and the founding of the Council, Ricks traded in their portal guns for exclusive registration, their petty skirmishes for the triumph of war, and their self-serving independence for the promise of security.

He'd witnessed the Golden Age of Rick and the Great Rick Crusade against the Galactic Federation under the Council's capable rule. No longer hunted down by the GF like witches in Salem, Ricks flourished, and Auctioneer Rick's career burgeoned right along with them. Sure, there were still the occasional Code Yellows, but they were few and far between, no more than a handful a month. It was much more tolerable than when the GF was a daily threat.

And that was an improvement. Right?

Pockets of dissenters still rallied throughout the population, however, going on about how it went against a Rick's "nature" to obey authority. But who were they to say what was natural? When dealing with Ricks from infinite realities, what made one Rick any more Rick than another? The notion that he, who was smart enough to bow his head if it meant keeping it, was anything less than a true Rick was insulting.

Luckily, Auctioneer Rick didn't have to listen to their heresies for long, as they were silenced swiftly and without mercy by the Council. With every protest that was squashed, the fire inside the Ricks was hushed down to a flickering candle, tame and docile.

But even candles can burn down houses.

Auctioneer Rick cocked his head, disturbed by the unexpected audacity of his own internal dialogue. It wasn't like him to entertain thoughts of treason, yet this was the second instance in as many minutes. Whatever was causing this bizarre fit of unrest within him was undoubtedly linked to that bothersome X-Rick.

Sure, a large part of him wished for an untimely end to the X-Rick, but the secret part of Auctioneer Rick that delighted in seeing his employers squirm shivered with excitement. He had to commend the X-Rick for being the ballsy son of a bitch he was. Auctioneer Rick was many things—entertainer extraordinaire, star of screen and stage, master of fucking ceremonies—but a troublemaker he was not. He had a few reasons—Try 1.6 million reasons—not to do something as idiotic as provoke the wrath of the Council.

Poor outsider doesn't realize he's bitten off more than he can chew, he thought with a healthy dose of schadenfreude. But at least he'll make some good entertainment in the meantime.

Apparently, he wasn't the only one curious to see what the X-Rick would do. Auctioneer Rick couldn't remember the last time the Council had moved so quickly to detain an aberrant. Even Riq, who usually abstained from such routine upsets seemed unusually invested in the X-Rick. He'd even gone so far as to put him up in one of their private suites, complete with nightly invitations to the auctions! What was it about that measly outcast that could possibly be worth Riq's attention, he wondered.

Fortunately, he wouldn't have to wait long to find out.

The two turned the final corner of the hallway where the Council Chamber's main entrance was, a pair of stoic Guards positioned on either side of the massive gray doors, plasma rifles tucked stiffly against their shoulders. Just then, the chamber doors opened with a whirr, and a familiar figure stepped out—red high heels, white robe tossed elegantly over one shoulder, and gold earrings catching the light from the chandeliers to flash like stars.

The emcee's heart leapt against his ribs like an over-excited pup, and he immediately thumped his fist against Investment Rick's chest beside him, whose nose was still buried in his financial records.

"Oi! W-wot's the big deal?" Investment Rick yelped, rubbing tenderly at his chest.

"Quiet! It's her," Auctioneer Rick whispered, eyes never leaving Mama Eun-Rick's gazelle-like legs and slim hips. Her usually smoldering gaze was currently directed at a large book in her hands, giving Auctioneer Rick the chance to bully Investment Rick against a wall and hiss, "I need you out of here now!" He was already glossing his hair down with shaky hands, sneaking glances at her as he scolded his broker. "This could be my big break, and I can't have you cramping my style!"

Investment Rick looked at Mama Eun-Rick then back at his client. A pitying smile softened his eyes as he spoke. "All right, chief. You don't h-have—gotta tell me to bugger off twice. Far be it from me to keep you from enjoying a little—urp!—skirt-chasing. Just hope she doesn't go all aggro on you," he teased before slipping away and disappearing back from where he'd come.

Huffing mouthfuls of breath into his palm and then giving it a sniff, Auctioneer Rick nodded, satisfied. He straightened up, squared his shoulders, and sauntered down the hallway, calling out in his most charming tone, "Salut, poupéééée."

Mama Eun-Rick's ears pricked at the sound of his syrupy voice, and she jerked her head up to catch him making his way toward her. Whatever she'd been reading she immediately abandoned, slamming the cover shut and clutching the tome to her chest. Without a word, she turned and began walking hurriedly away from him.

"Whoa, whoa there. Where ya goin'?" Auctioneer Rick jogged to catch up. A sweet coconut fragrance met his nose when he glided up close.

"Whatever it is you want, the answer is no," she said stiffly without looking at him.

"That's what you always say. At least hear me out this time, mon petit Rickochet," he purred into her ear.

"Knock it off, Richard. You know I don't go by that anymore." Her words had bite, but she was unable to hide the blush that glowed on her cheeks. Her old stage name must've hit a chord after all, because she finally stopped her retreat, much to Auctioneer Rick's delight, and he swiftly boxed her in, all smarmy charm and foolhardy devotion. He lifted a corner of his mantle to shield them from the Guard Ricks' prying eyes.

"Ah, but I will never forget how radiant you were atop the stage, ma chérie. Une star, une diva, une—"

"I was a stripper, Richard. And just because you were my best client doesn't make it anything more than that. Let's not kid ourselves," she huffed, shrugging him off with a jerk of her shoulder.

"On the contrary, I'm being quite serious," he said, trying to sound more put-off than he was. But it was impossible to feel even a shred of offense when around the love of his life.

"Could've fooled me." Mama Eun-Rick rolled her eyes. "Fine. What do you want?"

"I thought you'd never ask." Grinning, Auctioneer Rick stepped back to deliver a dramatic bow. A quick glance confirmed that he'd caught Mama Eun-Rick's eye. She could never resist such a show of servitude, and Auctioneer Rick was more than happy to give it to her in spades.

Although Auctioneer Rick could capture the attention of the toughest crowd, Mama Eun-Rick was the only one who seemed impervious to his charm. Her rebuffs, however, only served to make him fall even more hopelessly in love with her. What had started as a simple crush back when he was a frequent patron of What's Up Uranus had since blossomed into an infatuation that rivaled even his loyalty to the Council.

Whereas her other clients had only admired Rickochet for her lap dances, Auctioneer Rick was captivated by the gracefulness of her limbs and the sharpness of her tongue. He knew since he'd first laid eyes on her that she was the one for him, and he'd made it a personal quest to woo her, exhausting nearly every avenue at his disposal. Over the years, he'd lost track of the number of times he was turned down, but still he couldn't be deterred.

He raised a hand in front of her, two silver tickets between his fingers.

Mama Eun-Rick squinted, mouthing the name on the tickets, before her eyes went wide. She snatched them from his hand, holding them up to the light. Giving them an experimental tug, she exclaimed, "They're real! How in the hell did you manage to get front row seats to Les Morterables? It's been sold out for weeks!"

"Let's just say Lady Fortune paid me a visit," Auctioneer Rick replied, already thumbing through the pages of the leather-bound book he'd lifted from Mama Eun-Rick while she was distracted. Holding it up sideways to scan the tiny, blotched-out scrawl, he continued, "I thought that, maybe, if you lightened your reading load, we could go see it together."

"Reading load? What—" Suddenly realizing that her book was missing from her arms, Mama Eun-Rick balked, frantically scrambling at him for it. "D-don't touch that! It's—it's very delicate!"

Mama Eun-Rick's uncharacteristic stutter shattered Auctioneer Rick's focus just long enough for her to nearly steal the book back from him. At the last moment, however, he slipped it gracefully behind his back.

"Ah, ah, ah." He wagged a finger in her face. "Not until I get an answer."

Her expression went from panicked to deadly in a split second. She snarled, grabbing the auctioneer by his lapels and yanking him close until his nose was crushed against hers. She towered over him on her heels, and Auctioneer Rick felt a thrill race down his spine at the sight of fire in her eyes.

"This isn't a game, Richard," she ground out. "That book is very important."

"More important even than me?"

"Does a Fid-Fid shit in the woods?" she scoffed, shoving him away.

Mama Eun-Rick darted her hand out again to seize the book, but Auctioneer Rick grabbed her wrist, using her momentum to close the distance between them easily. He could feel the heat of her blush as he pressed his cheek to hers and whispered.

"Do you have any idea how turned on I was to have you on stage with me last night?"

Mama Eun-Rick stilled, for once without a stinging comeback, and Auctioneer Rick pressed on, emboldened. Like blowing on a hot beverage to cool it, he continued, his voice coming fast and low and servile in her ear. "Tu étais à couper le souffle, stupéfiante, une déesse parmi les mortels. You make me feel things no one else can." The blend of French and English always made Mama Eun-Rick go weak in the knees, and they buckled now as Auctioneer Rick spoke. "Sois à moi, Rickochet. Together we could be incroyables."

"Riri."

Her airy gasp set his nerves on fire. The simple pet name conjured up memories in Auctioneer Rick from years past, of nights huddled close at the strip club after hours, of breath tinged with alcohol and shaky hands seeking purchase on his arm.

It wasn't the first instance he'd bared his deepest desires to her, but this time he thought he could sense her finally giving in. Maybe it was the way she leaned forward an imperceptible degree to lean her weight against him, or perhaps how her head canted away, exposing the column of her throat. His heart was pounding in anticipation of the moment she'd let him in at last—she, a supernova; he, a neighboring planet, eager to be consumed by her final burst of energy.

When she finally spoke, it was in a trembling whisper. "It's not—not so simple."

"Rickochet?" He furrowed his brow. Seeing his beloved so obviously distressed made his heart seize, and he relaxed his grip on her wrist, allowing her to tuck it back in to herself.

She took in a shaky breath, as though poised to tell him more. But the moment passed, and her walls were up again in the span of a heartbeat. Mama Eun-Rick's eyes regained their usual scowl, and Auctioneer Rick grimaced as she snatched the book back from behind him.

"I envy your ignorance, Richard." She shoved the tickets into his hands, crumpling their silver edges without regard. "While you're playing ringleader, you can't even see that the whole damn tent is falling down around you. I don't know which will botch the show first—the X-Rick or the boy."

Something indiscernible crossed her features, but just as quickly it was replaced by her prior anger. "But if you think that filthy X-Rick is your 'Lady Luck,' then you're about to get a rude awakening." She stiffened, catching sight of something behind Auctioneer Rick, and then cast him one final dirty look. "Here comes your wake-up call," she said then brusquely shouldered her way past him and stormed down the hallway, her heels clicking sharply.

As Auctioneer Rick watched her departing figure, apprehension dripped in his stomach like hot lead. Though they both served the Council, Mama Eun-Rick was unquestionably privy to more information than he could ever hope to be, and Auctioneer Rick knew it was to his advantage to use her insight as a compass to the goings-on of the Citadel.

Whatever she had recently learned clearly had her spooked, and Mama Eun-Rick was not an easy woman to scare.

A muscular arm bumped him roughly from behind, jarring him from his thoughts, and he turned to look up at a grim-faced Guard Rick. "He's waiting" was the curt command. The Guard stepped to the side, and beyond him, Auctioneer Rick saw Riq tapping his foot impatiently in front of the chamber. His council garb was freshly pressed, the gold collar sharp enough to cut.

Dipping his head in apology, Auctioneer Rick checked himself quickly before marching up to him.

"My liege," he said, bowing deeply with arms spread wide. "Forgive me for my tardiness. I was just—"

"I don't want to hear it," Riq snapped at him, giving him a perfunctory look-over before curling his lip like he smelled something rancid. The head councilman had a sore spot about Citadel personnel fraternizing, and Auctioneer Rick maintained as neutral an expression as possible, even as he tried to calculate just how much Riq had seen.

Before he could formulate a cover-up story, however, Riq was already passing through the open doors. Auctioneer Rick hurried to follow his lead, falling in line behind him as they entered the Council Chamber. The clack of their heels echoed off the tall ceilings, and despite this being Auctioneer Rick's umpteenth visit to the chamber, he couldn't help but look around in awe.

Light reflected warmly off the gold surfaces and mirror-like marble floors, whetting his appetite for luxury. He'd always had a taste for the opulent, and like a raven, he was unable to resist a glittering diamond watch or the shine of a silk suit. His modest one-bedroom flat was a far cry from what he'd envisioned for himself at this stage in his life, and deep down he'd hoped that his servitude would one day garner him riches on par with his employers. For now, he'd have to settle for vicariously living through the Council's affluence as he orbited them like a lonely satellite.

The chamber floor was empty, save for a nervous-looking Attendant Morty standing beside the lowered belvedere. Lounging across the platform's polished surface like a satisfied cat was a Rick in a red cowboy hat and boots. C-165 had one arm draped over the edge of the belvedere, his fingers tickling the Attendant's chin as he whispered something into his ear that made him blush and squirm in place.

Auctioneer Rick's hackles rose at the sight of C-165, and a bitter scoff escaped him before he could keep it in.

"Well, howdy there." C-165 turned his attention from the Attendant to Auctioneer Rick, his eyes half-lidded in a lazy smirk. "Was wonderin' how long yous was gonna keep us waitin'."

Keeping us waiting? Who the hell does he think he is? When Auctioneer Rick had received the message that Riq IV wished to see him personally, he'd expected it to be a private meeting. Any humiliation Auctioneer Rick had felt for being late was now doubled in the unwelcome presence of his least favorite Rick. His only consolation, however, was the hope that C-165 was possibly here to have his ass handed to him in light of last night's disaster.

"The good auctioneer was simply busy breaking Rule 34(b). Again." Riq gave Auctioneer Rick a disparaging look as he summoned the Attendant to him. The small boy padded over quickly, his electronic tablet at the ready.

"Lordy! You mean yer still tryin' ta get with the tranny?" C-165 sat up as he laughed, slapping his thigh. "Feller, that bitch's uglier than a fistful o' worms. Hell, she's got enough paint on her to cover a battleship 'n' enough powder tah blow it up."

"If I wanted to listen to an asshole, I'd fart, you...you asshole," Auctioneer Rick stammered. C-165 always had the irksome effect of throwing him off his game—whether on or off the stage—and he felt like kicking himself for bungling his comeback line.

"Oh, yeah? Well, yer ass must be mighty jealous of all the shit always comin' outta yer mouth."

Auctioneer Rick snorted. "I'd tell you to go fuck yourself, but I bet you'd be disappointed." Ha. Nailed it.

"Enough." Riq dismissed their tit-for-tat with a flick of his wrist. "This isn't what I called you here for." The Attendant had entered a code into the tablet in his hands, triggering a seat to materialize just behind Riq. The council leader reclined casually onto its gold-plated surface as he eyed his audience with detached interest.

"My liege," Auctioneer Rick started, pointedly ignoring C-165's snicker at the honorary address, "if it's about last night, I assure you I did my utmost to carry out your plan. Things were going just fine until this rodeo clown tried to throw the whole thing." He jabbed a finger at C-165.

"I'm well aware, and your efforts are commended, auctioneer," Riq replied coolly. "However, while none of us appreciated C-165's little stunt, it still got us the results we wanted."

"But he was just supposed to get the X-Rick to bid, not—" Auctioneer Rick flailed his arms, Riq's blasé attitude only further aggravating his frazzled state. "Not try to bid for The One himself!"

Why is C-165 always getting away with this kind of shit?Auctioneer Rick fumed inside. He'd lost count of how many times the sly cowboy had broken the Council rules without regard, and yet he still got to keep his Elite status! Irreparably maiming The One, disrupting confidential Council matters, urinating in public—the list went on! Any other Rick would have been tossed out years ago for such transgressions, but C-165 always managed to continue about his business unscathed.

As if his unwarranted popularity among the Elite weren't vexing enough for Auctioneer Rick, C-165 also maintained an unexplainably chummy relationship with the Council. While Auctioneer Rick struggled at every turn to gain his employers' trust, it seemed to come naturally to the maverick. It irked Auctioneer Rick to no end, and he wished for the day that C-165 would get his comeuppance.

"That greenhorn wuz bent on biddin' 'fore ah ever got there, ya ninny." C-165 hopped off the platform, his pompous leer laced with spite.

"How could you be so certain? No one knows how an X-Rick thinks."

C-165's eyes widened, and he held a hand to his chest as though stunned. "Well, knock me down 'n' steal mah tooth! Yer even dumber than you look," he chuckled. "Hell, even if'n ah tweren't there, those meddlin' twins got 'im good 'n' primed for it. By the time ya got yer monkey tah jump through 'is hoops, he was ready tah fork over whatever he had." C-165 flicked his hat up to Auctioneer Rick in a mock vail. "An' ah don't hear yer wallet complainin' none."

"My liege," he began again, switching tactics. "C-165 can't be allowed to operate so recklessly! The uproar he caused last night gravely compromised the auction's integrity, not to mention the respectability of the Council itself!" Surely Riq had to see that Auctioneer Rick had only the Council's best interests in mind.

"Y'all should be thankin' me." C-165 spread his arms wide. "Ah did mah job an' left the sucker poorer than a church mouse. That's two birds wi' one stone in mah book. Ol' X-Rick won't be biddin' at the auction again, ah kin guarantee you that."

"In fact, no one will be bidding for The One again," Riq's voice cut straight as a razor.

"M-my liege?"

Riq interlaced his fingers, turning his head to the Attendant who was rapidly taking down his every word in shorthand. "Which brings us to the point of this meeting. Effective immediately, The One will be removed from your program and the after-hour auctions suspended."

This caught both Ricks by surprise. Auctioneer Rick sputtered like a hooked fish while C-165 only arched his brow in reserved consideration.

"But, my liege, w-why would you—the after-hours auction is one of our biggest draws! The Elite, they—they won't stand for—"

"What the Elite want or don't want is not your concern. You still have the public Morty Auctions to run." Riq paused to snort. "I'm sure you can put your theatre background to use there," he added mockingly.

Auctioneer Rick almost protested further, but his deeply ingrained obedience made him bite his tongue.

"We'll start preparations to phase out the auction immediately. You'll have the full support of Façade's staff to implement the changes which I expect to see completed in a timely fashion. Any delays will result in a deduction of your commission rate."

Riq's words faded into the background as Auctioneer Rick stood there numbly, scrambling to make sense of what was happening.

End the after-hours auction? Riq might as well have buried a knife in his chest. The weekly auction was the highlight of his emcee career, and nothing filled him with a greater sense of purpose than to be up on that stage, holding an entire audience captive. And not just any audience, the Elite. Leading the members of high-Rick society by the nose was the closest he'd get to actually being the Council.

Auctioneer Rick's dream had been to eventually sit on the Council. It would fit him so perfectly: He could enthrall a crowd and put on a show, make people believe the impossible—or simply untrue. How was that any different from being a politician?

But now, after years of working his way up the ladder to that glittering upper echelon, he was being dumped back down to the bottom.

In contrast to his obvious distress, C-165 was leaning idly against the platform, his eyes locked on Riq's as they seemed to share a wordless conversation. A smile slowly spread over the cowboy's lips, and he nodded as though he were in on some joke that Auctioneer Rick was painfully left out of.

He suddenly thought back to what Mama Eun-Rick had said.

"What about the boy?"

"Say again?" Riq sneered down his nose at Auctioneer Rick.

"What about The One? W-what will happen to him?" He tried to keep his expression passive, knowing that broaching the subject was a punishable offense.

The council leader's face contorted into a manic grin. There was a fiendish shimmer in his eyes as he answered, "The X-Rick has served his purpose, and now The One will be returned home." The cryptic answer revealed little, but before Auctioneer Rick could inquire further, Riq stood, waving his hand in the direction of the exit. "That will be all, auctioneer."

His tone made it clear that there was no room for debate on the matter. Gathering the fragments of his tattered pride and muttering a stolid "yes, sir," Auctioneer Rick bowed stiffly before making his way for the door. Every step he took away from the council leader sent a pulse of resentment straight to his heart.

All his years of loyalty, and he was being shrugged off like a lowly common-Rick! He'd given everything—his allegiance, his time, his money—to the Council, and now what would he have to show for it? Hawking gimmicky Mortys to a bar full of drunk deadbeats like a car salesman. And then when the Morty Craze died, he'd truly have nothing. He wasn't even sure that his old acting troupe would take him back, not after the bridges he'd burned.

And what would Rickochet think?

He stopped just short of the door, his thoughts weighing so heavily on his shoulders that his perfect posture wilted to a slump. She'd never want to see me again... Well, even less than she usually does, he thought mournfully.

Behind him, C-165's raucous laughter boomed across the open space, and he turned sharply at the sound to see him nodding along with something Riq had said. The cowboy was resting his hand easily on the council leader's shoulder like it belonged there, like it was C-165 and not Auctioneer Rick who had toiled away for so long in the hopes of gaining the Council's favor.

But instead this waddie had glided in and taken his place.

The only thing that grated on Auctioneer Rick's pride worse than the council leader's callousness was the grim suspicion that Riq had called him here to belittle him in front of C-165. Betrayal punched him like a blow to the gut.

Auctioneer Rick balled his hands into fists, suddenly wanting nothing more than to see the entire Council Chamber filled with molten lava. He wanted to see the walls crack beneath the heat, the gold veneers melt off every surface. He could already imagine the fire licking up the belvedere to engulf the courtly thrones, eradicating them from existence, and the floor splitting open to swallow Riq and the rest of the fucking Council down with him.

Something snapped inside of Auctioneer Rick then.

The sound echoed about the cavern of his mind where ideals, which had been fixed in place for so long, began to bow under the weight of his newfound scorn. The sound of Riq's laughter joining C-165's was all it took for their foundations to finally break, and like outdated buildings ready for an upgrade, they were torn down in a dust cloud of disillusionment and shame. What replaced them came together swiftly, built on beams of fortified steel hewn from the fires of Auctioneer Rick's own will to form something stronger and wilder than he thought himself capable of.

He straightened his shoulders again and strode gallantly out the Chamber doors. Investment Rick was idling by the opposite wall, but he quickly jumped to attention when he saw Auctioneer Rick exit.

"So? Come off the grass, mate! How'd it go? Hope she wasn't too niEUGHggly, eh?" He prattled on as Auctioneer Rick stormed forward without answering him. "Wot? Did you two have a blue, after all?" He winced, taking Auctioneer Rick's silence as a yes. Placing a sympathetic hand on Auctioneer Rick to slow him, he clucked his tongue. "You poor ba—urp!—stard. Listen. Let's drop by the pub and get a cold one, eh? Forget the whole thing even happened. We can go over your accounts again, if ya like."

Auctioneer Rick looked at Investment Rick with an impish smile as he announced proudly.

"Actually, I think it's time I rebalanced my portfolio."

...

Riq let out the breath he'd been holding, trying to slow his frantically beating heart. Even as he perched calmly on the edge of his bed, it still pounded in his chest like he'd just run a mile.

His fingers gripped the duvet—a brand-new addition after the last one had been reduced to rags—and he found comfort in the reminder that it'd been replaced in preparation for tonight's guest. He closed his eyes and allowed himself a smile, not caring that he likely made a strange sight: The eminent leader of the Council of Ricks sweating like a nervous teen on prom night.

He'd even dressed up for the occasion—or, rather, dressed down—opting to forgo his stuffy Council accoutrements for a loose-fitting button-up and simple slacks, his usually precisely styled hair allowed to fall relaxed over his head. He plucked his glass of wine from the bedside table and emptied it in a single swig, rolling the tart liquid over his tongue before swallowing. If he expected his guest to be relaxed, then he might as well be too.

The Attendants had fixed up his personal quarters as best as they could manage, given the short deadline. The bed frame was still caved in, but at least the linens were fresh. The floor was cleared of debris, the empty bottles finally removed, and the carpet given a thorough cleaning. They'd even replaced the broken bulbs, which were now set to a sultry dim, although they'd failed to remove the hunting knife that was buried nearly up to its hilt by the wall sconce above the headboard. As for when or what compelled Riq to put it there in the first place, he hadn't the slightest.

He poured himself another glass.

Gloves and masks were mandatory as the Attendants worked, both for sanitation purposes as well as to keep them from leaving any trace of themselves on the furniture or linens. The Guards insisted that the Separation Rule be implemented in order to limit damages, and by the time the work was completed, any evidence that there had ever been another Morty in Riq's room was thoroughly erased, making it ready to receive his special visitor.

It'd been two years since he'd last seen The One in person, and he couldn't think of a better place to stage their reunion.

Just imagining The One in his room again sent another prickle of excitement zipping across his chest and down to his groin. For too long, he'd settled for the periodic Eun-Rick reports and surveillance of The One's private room to satisfy his voyeurism, but none of that could compare to actually seeing—no, smelling, touching The One again.

He looked over at the small digital screen by his bedside. It was the closest he'd allowed himself to sharing company with The One, and he stroked the screen's grody surface affectionately, silently thanking it for fueling his nightly fantasies. The grainy feed from the security camera displayed a small and dingy room. A battered mattress was tucked in one corner with its sheets pulled halfway onto the concrete floor. Light trickled in from a small porthole and the narrow space around the room's single door, which stood partially ajar now that its occupant had been removed.

Anticipation made his cock jump, and he ran a finger lazily down its swollen length, humming appreciatively. His imagination overran with fantasies about how The One would satisfy him tonight—and not just his body.

Once awakened, The One True Morty shall raise the Citadel.

It was this single verse that had captured Riq's attention so thoroughly since the book's discovery. The Book of Morty described in myriad ways how The One would reshape the fate of all Ricks, but nowhere else was it so clear that Riq—for he was the leader of the Council and, thereby, the entire Citadel—would be catapulted to greater power, raised to a level he couldn't even fathom.

He was willing to do whatever it took to ensure that the prophecy came to fruition, going so far as to grant Mama Eun-Rick full license to enact whatever deeds were necessary in order to fulfill the demands of the Book. The One was handled per the Book's directions—taken from his home, stripped, and tortured. When the Book of Morty stated that The One needed to suffer at "the hands of many" as part of his journey to self-actualization, the Morty Auctions had perfectly served that purpose.

For two long years, Riq had waited, the heartache he felt with The One's absence eased only by reminding himself that it was for a greater cause. He could endure the delayed gratification, knowing that when The One's second renaissance came, he would be the one to claim him all over again. After all, Riq was his rightful master, and no one could take that from him. He'd bided his time, and now The One was ready for him.

At last, he would reap the rewards of his abstention.

The digital trill of an incoming call severed his thoughts, startling Riq out of his reverie. His nerves immediately sprang to the foreground anew, and he jammed his finger on the intercom button, barking, "What is it?! I specifically said no interruptions until he's ready!"

The staticky voice on the other end of the receiver paused before speaking cautiously, "But, M-Master Riq, The One has—he isready."

"Then why didn't you just bring him in?!"

"Your words w-were to call...f-first."

Riq felt a surge of heat sweep up his face. His nostrils flared, and his finger shook where it held down the button. "Never mind what I said!" he yelled. "Bring. Him. In. Now." The words bled from between his clenched teeth as he stabbed them into the listener's ear.

"Right away, Master Riq," came the hurried reply, and the intercom promptly went dead.

Once alone again, Riq shepherded his fragmented composure into order. There it was again, that temper his council-mates kept telling him about. He pressed his fingers to his eyes, pushing in just until he could feel his heart beating behind them. When he eased off again, black splotches danced across his vision, but at least his anger had dissipated.

He looked disdainfully at the glass in his hand, suddenly repulsed by it. No. He shouldn't be drinking at a time like this. He needed all his faculties working if he was to reach The One in any meaningful way tonight. With a snarl, he hurled the glass at the nearest wall, sending it shattering in a curtain of glass shards.

Someone gasped softly behind him, and Riq whirled around to find he had an audience.

In the center of his room stood a Eun-Rick next to a small boy. The two must've slipped in the moment he'd hung up, and it was clear they'd seen Riq's sudden tantrum with the wine glass. The Eun-Rick's face was a mixture of concern and dismay, and Riq felt the compulsion to cave his teeth in just for looking at him with anything less than absolute respect.

However, every ounce of rage drained out of him as he moved his eyes to The One.

The boy was taller than when he'd last seen him, not as soft. Puberty had stretched him, though he still stood shorter than the average Morty, his hunched form making him appear even smaller than he already was. The hair that had only been shoulder length when he first took him now hung thick to the small of his back, and The One's eyes, with their faint yellow glow he remembered so well, were directed at the carpet.

Riq's mouth went dry at the sight of him, and he swallowed uncomfortably around his tongue, which was suddenly too thick for his mouth. He shot a quick glance at the Eun-Rick before speaking. "Go—" His first attempt was a mere croak. He cleared his throat and started again. "You may go now, Eun-Rick. Leave us."

The Eun-Rick bowed graciously, his head aligning with The One's ear. The One twitched a nod, but Riq barely paid it any mind, he was too invested in raking his eyes over The One's face and body, taking in every detail like an art collector admiring his latest acquisition.

Once the Eun-Rick had excused himself from the room, the door hissing shut quietly behind him, Riq stepped down from the elevated platform of his bed to stand before The One. His hand trembled as he placed it hesitantly on The One's shoulder, turning his palm inward to cup the air just above the boy's cheek.

Riq sighed as a wave of pure bliss gushed from his heart. To have The One here before him again was even more overwhelming than he'd imagined it would be, as his pounding heart could attest to. He looked on with pride as The One slowly lifted his head. He felt like a creator welcoming his creation home.

This would be the moment The One would finally give himself to him. He would tilt his sweet head and nuzzle his master's hand—the same hand that had torn him apart and rebuilt him a hundred times over—in the ultimate sign of devotion. He would pledge his heart to Riq.

His love.

Riq practically shivered at the word. Yes, he would have The One's love, completely and unquestionably. He would come obediently—not just willing but desperate for Riq's touch along every intimate part of him. The One would offer all of himself before Riq's altar.

There would be no room for distractions, no more imposters. Whatever The One thought he felt for the X-Rick was as genuine as a counterfeit bill. Mama Eun-Rick had assured him as much. He could forgive the boy for his mistake. He was still so young, after all, and he had to be patient with him.

The gentle Rick shall be granted the treasures of the world.

He mentally recited the verse Mama Eun-Rick had given him. Now that The One was primed, he needed only to coax his true potential out like a potter massaging clay into a masterpiece. Riq didn't know exactly how The One's gift would be bestowed upon him, but he imagined it would take the form of loving caresses, spread legs, and an unfaltering reverence. The One was ready, too, for his own awakening. Riq could feel it in the way he now trembled beneath his touch, in the slightly acrid smell of his sweat.

"My One and Only," he breathed when he met his gaze. "You're finally—"

He froze, the words dying on his tongue.

The One was—he was crying, fat tears rolling down his cheeks as his shoulders quaked with barely repressed pining.

Riq immediately dropped to one knee, making soft shushing noises through his smile. He didn't think The One would be this emotional to see him again, and the display of such pure sentiment moved him.

"It's all right. I'm here now." He pulled The One into an embrace, squeezing him tightly as The One took in great, choking gasps. "I know you missed me, but it's okay. We're together now, and I'll take good care of you." He could feel The One's heartbeat pounding desperately against his chest, could make out a hardened nipple through the thin cloth. "Such good care of you." Riq stroked The One's back, his fingers sweeping over the xylophone of his ribs and brushing the top his small rump.

It was all so familiar to Riq. He could still remember every minute detail of The One's body from all those nights he'd held him naked and trembling, and even though the boy had grown some, he still felt so right in Riq's arms. His erection twitched impatiently in his slacks.

He pulled back to gaze into The One's face, taking his time to wipe the tears away. "And now," he said softly. "Now I believe you have something for me." He stood, taking The One's hand in his and guiding him to the bed. The poor boy must've been exhausted, the way his feet dragged, and Riq had to tug a little more firmly than he meant to just to get him onto the mattress. A tingle spread over his scalp with the first ghosts of an Epiphany.

My god, it's been so long... That's it, love. What more do you have for me?

"I've waited so long for this, My One," he said, climbing onto the bed with him. As The One clumsily scooted up the bed, tangling his legs in his hurry—his gangly limbs were uncoordinated in an endearing kind of way—Riq prowled steadily after, his knees dipping into the plush duvet on either side of him. Once he'd reached the pillows, The One shivered against the headboard, chest fluttering and eyes blown wide with obvious need. Riq dipped his head low, grazing over The One's tense form. His voice deepened with carnal desire. "Give yourself to me, just as you were always meant—"

A knee knocked him squarely in the chin, and Riq grunted in surprise. He sat back on his heels, rubbing gingerly at his jaw and wiggling it to check that it wasn't dislocated. With a barely restrained snarl, he addressed The One delicately. "Be more careful. I know you're anxious to get started, but—" He pitched to the side just in time to avoid another kick. "W-what the actual fuck?" he barked, irritation beginning to fray his patience. Riq shot his arm out to seize the slim ankle, and he yanked The One toward him so that his bare bottom was pressed to his crotch. "Calm down before you hurt yourself!"

The One began kicking with his other foot, batting ineffectually at Riq's arm and shoulder as Riq tried to shield himself with his free hand. Riq racked his brain in bewilderment as he fended off the weak attacks. This wasn't supposed to happen. The One was supposed to be open to him, not fear him. Clearly, the child was confused.

The verse echoing in his head was the only thing that kept his veneer of gentleness in place. "Listen to me. You're safe now—"

"No!" The One yelled, his voice surprisingly strong despite his small frame, and Riq was taken aback by the suddenness of his outburst. "No! No! No!" He wailed, twisting on the sheets and trying to pull himself free of Riq's grasp. When The One tried reaching for the bedside table, Riq clambered on top of him, trading his hold on his ankle for his wrists instead.

He pinned them down to the bed and shook the hysterically screaming boy hard, yelling back into his face, "I'm not the fucking X-Rick, so get your head out of your ass and calm the fuck down!"

The One suddenly stilled, going limp beneath Riq's grasp, and Riq awarded himself a strained smile. Finally. He's come to his senses.

"—you're not—"

Riq cocked his head, trying to make out the quiet words.

"You're not my Rick. You're not him," The One whispered, turning his face away into the pillow, eyes clenched tightly shut. "I d-don't...want...you."

The trembling words gutted him more effectively than any blade, and Riq balked, his brain short-circuiting from the shock of it. Riq searched the boy's face, trying to find some sign to prove that he'd somehow misheard. This wasn't right. None of this was right. This was supposed to be the night The One gave himself freely to Riq, and yet he was resisting him at every turn.

He slowly released The One's wrists, watching dispassionately as he wrenched himself away and began scrambling at something on the wall. Those small hands that should have held Riq were now wrapping themselves around the hunting knife's handle. His feet were braced against the wall when they should've been encircling Riq's waist. Fury roared at the horizon of his mind, blotting out any more logic as The One tugged and pulled fruitlessly at the knife.

The One's braid swung like a pendulum in front of Riq as he struggled, and Riq followed its movements, his eyes tracking down its length until they rested on the peculiar tie at its base. The dirty piece of dark tattered cloth stood out in such contrast to the shine of his hair and pure white of his robe that Riq found himself transfixed by it.

Where had he seen that material before? A hazy figure in the same gray as the cloth filled his mind, but it stood out of focus just beyond his grasp. In his pursuit to bring the memory to the forefront, Riq reached out, grabbed the braid, and yanked down hard.

The One shrieked as he was forced belly-down onto the bed, Riq's knee planted firmly in the center of his back. His full weight on the small boy effectively pinned him to the mattress where he struggled to breathe through the plush cover, but Riq ignored his pained cries as his first Epiphany in years hit him full force.

"Fuck..." he rasped.

The feeling of his brain being aroused by such a sudden and powerful gust of energy stunned Riq for a moment, and his mouth fell open as it swept over him. His eyes fluttered shut, an image swiftly taking shape in his mind: Rick of X-280 standing in chains before him in the Council Chamber. His memory had been ramped up to the tenth degree, because he could now recall every precise detail of the Rick—every strand of hair, every bloody scab, and every stain on that grimy jumpsuit.

But what stood out the most was the look of utter defiance in the Rick's eyes. They mocked him from the past as if to say, "You'll never get rid of me."

Riq blinked himself back to the present. His eyes traveled from The One, who was now flailing his arms and cursing him—yes, actually cursing him—to the knife still stuck fast in the wall. Something was so very wrong with this picture, and it was up to Riq to correct it. He'd done it with the GF, he'd done it with the anti-Council terror-Ricks, and now he was going to do it with his beloved creation, starting with that wretched little tie.

He reached over The One and grasped the handle of the knife. He barely registered the resistance of the blade's teeth through the plaster as he wrenched it free. Shreds of wallpaper fluttered down from the now gaping hole in the wall, and he tilted the knife back and forth in his hand, watching the way the light danced across its blade.

"Is this what you were looking for?" he asked calmly, holding the knife in front of The One so that he could see it. The One's eyes went wide at the sight, and he froze immediately. "That's better. You won't want to move for this," Riq stated impassively. He lifted the braid in one fist as he placed the blade against the soft flesh of The One's nape. The boy gasped, the skin around the metallic edge goose pimpling with fear.

"Falling in love with him was your first mistake." His hand was shaking as he pressed down hard, threatening to break the skin.

Just before he drew blood, however, he abruptly flipped the blade up instead and dragged it through the thick base of the braid in one cruel upward sweep of his arm. The hairs gave way painfully, The One howling as they snagged and tore unevenly on the serrated edge. Broken strands fluttered down like petals, and the braid that had writhed vibrantly just minutes earlier now hung lifeless in Riq's fist. The brown locks even seemed to lose their golden luster the moment they were cut away from The One.

"Keeping a part of him with you was your second." Riq tossed the chunk of hair to the floor, glad to be rid of it. Removing the X-Rick's contamination was a necessary step to freeing The One from his own destructive fantasies.

The One cried plaintively into the pillows, hands clutching the base of his neck where his braid had been. His remaining hair, now loosened from the braid, dripped onto the sheets like dead reeds. "Y-you're a—a monster!" he sniveled, twisting his head around just far enough to glare at Riq with undisguised hatred. "And I—I hate you!"

YOU—NEVER—HAVE HIM—

The fragmented message spasmed across Riq's mind, and he jerked back as the sharp edge of self-doubt suddenly cleaved at him. He turned his head to the side, unable to even look at The One, the fear that he would never truly have him stronger than ever. His resolve buckled, and he almost faltered, almost thought to let him go—

But then despair once again claimed The One's features, and it was like Riq's bout of uncertainty had never happened. Riq grabbed another fistful of hair from the side of his head and yanked The One up until his torso was suspended off the bed.

"I made you" he growled low, sawing through the hair with jerky movements, "what you are," he paused to hack off another chunk, "what you could be! And yet you still deny me?" Each snag of hair on the knife sent jolts of Epiphany through Riq, as searing and fresh as citrus, but he cast the clamoring inspirations aside in favor of hearing The One scream.

That confusing mixture of arousal, disgust, sorrow, and rage churned inside Riq as he lopped off fistful after thick fistful. With every vicious slash, The One's scalp was left with ratty tufts that stood at odd angles. "You— we were supposed to do great things!" Strands of hair littered the bed as he continued, yelling over The One's cries of pain. "But you just won't let that happen! That fucking X-Rick's poisoned your simple, little brain, and you're too goddamn stupid to see it!" His throat was starting to go raw as he screamed at the top of his lungs. "As long as he's around, you'll never be what you were always meant to be!" Mine, mine, mine, and mine alone. "He's a fucking cancer that needs to be cut out!"

He brought his arm back, poised for another devastating slice, when a hand suddenly grabbed his.

"M-M-Master Riq, please! C-calm yourself!" He barely heard the plea over the roar of the storm in his head. Riq rounded on the Eun-Rick fast as a lightning strike and shoved him away with a wild growl and sweep of the blade. The Eun-Rick stumbled back, hand grasping his torn cheek, but two more Eun-Ricks took his place, wresting the knife from Riq's grip and begging him to stop his rampage. Riq snarled like a cornered animal before he was finally dragged off of The One, cursing loudly.

"Get him out of here!" he bellowed, shrugging off the Eun-Ricks and pacing back and forth in front of his bed like a crazed beast. They immediately flew to The One's aid, helping him up from the bed even when he tried to fight them off in his blind fear. His small limbs trembled in his hysteria, and he was shaking so badly that the Eun-Ricks had to half-carry him to the door. The way The One's hands rested so trustingly on their arms as they held him made Riq see red.

The blade shook in Riq's hand from the surge of adrenaline, and he tossed it aside to rake his fingers through his mane, clutching fitfully at it. Even now, left in the company of a lone Eun-Rick, his thoughts jumbled together in a blinding fever pitch of fury and noise.

But through the chaos, a lingering Epiphany suddenly cast a sunbeam of buoyant clarity.

"Eun-Rick!" he snapped, his mind racing to keep up with the Epiphany that laid out his next course of action. It was so obvious, Riq felt foolish for ever having not known the simple, inevitable truth.

The Eun-Rick hurried to where Riq stood, bowing low even as fresh blood dripped from between the fingers cupping his cheek. His speech came out partially slurred around the wound. "Yes, Master. How can we be of s-service?"

"Eun-Rick, get me the Captain of the Guard. It's time that the X-Rick was dealt with."

"Yes, O wise Master Riq." The Eun-Rick raised his head to level his gaze at Riq, gravity underscoring his every word. "The time for action is now."

...

Rick scraped the bottom of the paper carton with his chopsticks, nabbing the last scraps of sticky rice stained brown with synthetic soy sauce. He stuffed them into his mouth, chewing thoughtfully as he eyed the delivery courier hovering by the footboard of his bed. The front of the dinged-up, white polymer vessel projected a tiny hologram of a Morty dressed as a carhop—complete with checkered shorts, paper cap, and tray. He was currently skating in a lazy figure eight while the neon sign "Enjoy Your Meal!" was lit in brilliant, yellow letters above him.

Impossibly long legs propped up on the cherrywood desk, Rick tipped his chair back and gave a restless sigh. He turned his attention away from the Morty carhop, jiggled his foot impatiently, and rewound his mentor's message for the sixteenth time that night.

"The freight elevator arrives at sub-level 10 at 2300, 0200 and 0500 hours," played Chi's recorded voice through ORA's internal audio feed.

"23, 2, 5," Rick echoed, mumbling around the grains of rice.

"There, the engineers take roughly 9 to 12 minutes to offload the tefrag carts."

"9 to—urrp!—12 minutes."

Corresponding images played over his retina, stills taken from a reconnaissance nano. The image was low-res and warped through the fish-eye lens but showed a passable shot of an imposing set of steel elevator doors. A pair of engineers was captured in mid-motion, directing multiple carts piled high with black shards.

"My intel says the 0500 shift is sloppy. Your run-of-the-mill k-lax junkies. They don't finish their round for a full 15 minutes—more than enough time to get there and get inside without being seen. That'll be your best bet."

You mean only bet, Rick thought. If he missed that shift for any reason, it'd mean another full day of waiting until his next chance. A quick glance at the room's clock told him he still had hours to go. He jiggled his foot again.

"From there, it's a quick ride to Materials & Distribution."

A grainy photograph revealed a sprawling warehouse filled with industrial-grade machinery. Massive vats poured liquid metal into work lines while Ricks in welding masks crouched behind showers of sparks frozen in time. Rows of towering shelves stood like sentinels down the center of the floor, disappearing into the distance. And to the far left of them—

"The loading bay," Rick said in a hushed, almost reverent whisper.

"And then it's a straight shot to the loading bay," Chi's voice continued, outlining the escape plan with stoic precision. "You'll be posing as a Cedrite buyer, reviewing the week's shipment. As for the Morty's cover story, I leave that to you. Just keep it simple. Your disguise will help you blend in, but it's far from perfect. If they ask for ID, just flash them your security pass. By the time their systems notice it's expired, you should be long gone. Remember, the freighter you want is found in bay number 5. The CS Starfall."

"Bay 5. CS Starfall." Rick studied the ship's schematics as he threw a three-pointer into the garbage with the now empty carton.

Carhop Morty immediately sprang to life, breaking out of the skating animation to squeak, "We hope you enjoyed your General Klak Bau's Chicken, sir!" The Morty gave such a cheerful wave of his holographic hand that Rick couldn't help but wave back.

"And that's it, 280," Chi was saying. "After that, you're home free. I just hope—" This was where the recording always went silent, and Rick had to wonder if it was a glitch in the audio file. The somber tone of Chi's voice when it picked up again, however, gave him reason to think it might be something more. "Good luck out there," Chi said simply, before the recording stopped.

PLAY FILE AGAIN?

YES NO

Rick puffed up his cheeks and exhaled slowly as he readied his selection. He already had the plan memorized, he reminded himself. Replaying it at this point would accomplish nothing, really. He paused, chevrons still blinking behind the two letters. Deleting the file was a necessity, if they were to ensure his mentor's safety in the event of his capture. But it still pained him to erase Chi's voice so easily.

After all, it might be the last time he heard it.

Any part of the plan could go wrong—a change in the shift personnel, equipment failure, or even just an upset stomach. Rick quickly shook the barrage of what-ifs from his mind while rubbing absently at his belly.

"If I get the runs, I'm blaming you," he said to Carhop Morty. The hologram, being a hologram, just kept waving in an endless loop. A second later, a screen asking him to rate his meal popped up over the small figure. Rick sighed.

Jeez, lonely much? You miss your squeeze that bad? the self-deprecating side of him chided. But, shit, it was true. Just two days apart, and Rick was going stir-crazy in his room, the memories of that night in the winner's suite a near-constant companion and always leaving him flushed and tight in the pants.

Not that he had any time to actually rub one out since then. He and Chi had worked tirelessly to concoct tonight's plan with help from the clues Rick had procured from the Resonance. Chi had deployed every one of his nanos and greased more than a few palms to pinpoint Mouse's room, until eventually the location revealed itself.

A porthole, heavy churning of machinery, three elevator chimes between Mouse's room and Façade—the mishmash of Resonances ultimately led them to a small external-facing storage closet tucked away in a corner of sub-level 10.

Things moved quickly after that. There was the means of egress to suss out, security and maintenance schedules to cross-compare, and materials to gather. The turnaround had been tight, but he and Chi had gone over the logistics with a fine-toothed comb, leaving no scenario unchecked and taking every possible contingency into account. If all went according to plan, by tomorrow morning, he would have Mouse in his arms again as they fled the Citadel. They'd leave this godforsaken madhouse behind to start somewhere new.

Rick allowed himself a soft smile, the kind that came easily to him ever since Mouse had entered his life. He felt light, fresh, young. Rick was surprised by the unwitting transformation he'd undergone in the span of just over a week.

When he'd first come to the Citadel, revenge had been the only thing on his mind, but now his mission revolved around Mouse's safety. He'd be lying if he said he wouldn't always hold a grudge against the Council. If he had the time, he would have loved to make them suffer for the hell they'd put the both of them through, but as things stood now, escaping was his top priority.

With a silent "thank you," Rick erased the files from ORA's storage. He stood up and wiped his hands on his new slacks.

They weren't the silky material of a three-piece Elite suit nor as grimy as his personal jumpsuit, but they still felt familiar against his fingers. In a mirror across the room, he took a moment to admire his disguise. The simple, brown slacks and blue sweater were standard-issue among Ricks, guaranteed to be found in countless wardrobes across the multiverse. To complete his look, Rick plucked the white lab coat from the bed and slipped it over his shoulders. Giving a few tugs of the lapels, the shoulder seams fell neatly along his frame.

With the plan so close to fruition, Rick was tempted to celebrate with a drink at the bar. But would it be more fitting to make himself a mimosa or a gin nightcap at this hour? Hell, either would work, considering how morning and night were loosely held concepts within the Citadel. Its levels operated on staggered time zones so that some part of the space station was awake at any given hour.

The slogan It's Happy Hour somewhere! took on a very literal meaning here.

Sure, it made traveling between levels a bit disorienting, but this was also partly what made the security system so ingenious and nearly impossible to thwart. Guards could be dispatched at all hours, constantly monitoring the activities of Citadel patrons around the clock without interruption. And security only got tighter the closer one got to sub-level 10. If Rick tried to reach Mouse's room on foot, they'd be on him faster than he could say "police state."

Luckily for him, Chi was one resourceful son of a bitch.

"You still have one meal left, sir!" Carhop Morty chirped in an overly enthusiastic digital voice. LED lights raced across a seam near the base of the courier, indicating the last compartment Rick hadn't emptied yet. "Enjoy your food before it gets cold!" Whoever had animated the hologram had really gone all out with Carhop Morty, because he finished his line by twirling in place and blowing a kiss.

"Yeah, yeah. Right. How could I forget?" Rick asked rhetorically, already sliding his hands down the sides of the delivery container. He pressed a button on one side, and the bottom drawer popped open to reveal a small package wrapped in a dirty white cloth. With the one exception of General Klak Bau's Chicken—Chi did always make one hell of a marinade—in his Gluttony Rick-sized order, the courier's compartments had been filled with pieces of contraband to assist in Rick's escape.

Just the sight of the bundle's familiar shape made Rick's trigger finger twitch with anticipation, and he smirked.

No one was going to expect him to portal in.

The use of portal guns was strictly prohibited within the Citadel. In fact, every Rick's personal gun—his own included—was confiscated upon entry as a security measure. Visitors went through a stringent process just to get theirs back upon departure, but Citadel staff were doomed to go without theirs for the duration of their employment. And once a Rick took up residency within the Citadel, the chances of getting it back were nil.

Chi had refused to tell Rick how he'd even gotten his hands on this one. All he'd shared was that there was an entire vault of portal guns that were tabulated and kept under strict security. Access was next to impossible, with only high-ranking Guards and other Citadel officials holding the key.

As though handling a precious relic, Rick gently lifted the gun by its handle, careful to keep its shroud in place.

"Thank you for ordering from Dive, for when you need a diversion!" Carhop Morty said before blinking out of existence. Its mission completed, the empty courier hovered to the door and waited patiently until Rick let it out.

Alone once again, he sunk back into his seat and pulled a small messenger bag out from beneath the desk. Its common burlap material stood at odds with the rest of the suite's rich decorum. Keeping the bag out of the cameras' sight, Rick slipped the portal gun into its opening to join the rest of his supplies. A change of clothes for Mouse and himself, a day's worth of concentrated high-calorie rations, a few rolls of schmeckles, and two PIC switchboards would be his only possessions from here on out.

Chi had warned him that the gun was a salvaged piece, with only enough power left for two short jumps, maximum. He'd already input the coordinates to Mouse's room for the first jump and then the—

The ringing of the phone suddenly tore Rick from his thoughts.

Who in the hell is that now? He darted his eyes to the bedside table where an antique-styled phone sat on dainty, clawed feet.

In all honesty, Rick already had a pretty good guess who it was—the Council's auditors, most likely, calling yet again for an update. Ever since learning that he'd drained his funds at the last auction, they'd been especially short with him, constantly asking when he'd be using an Epiphany to develop something lucrative.

He rolled his eyes before picking up the receiver. Feedback squealed over the earpiece, and Rick cursed before snarling, "For the last time, no, I haven't made any fuAUGHcking mon—"

"Go to him. Now."

The voice on the other end was muffled by static, nothing like the clear, fiber-optic quality he usually heard from incoming calls.

"The fuck?" Rick muttered. Great. Now he was getting prank calls. "Look, pal. If this is some kinda joke, you forgot the set-up," Rick said dryly.

"Rick of X-280, there isn't any time. You have to leave. They're on their way."

"Yeah. Real original. Let me guess. Next, you'll say there's someone with an axe standing right behind me." Rick flipped the bird to the caller, spitting, "Newsflash. I've watched the same shitty horror movies you did. Now, why don't you take a nice, long drink of go fuck yourself!" he jeered, already moving to hang up the receiver.

"Mouse needs you!" came the tinny voice.

Rick's hand stopped in mid-air. He slowly put the receiver back to his ear. "Wh-who is this?"

"You must go now if you are both to live."

Picking up the phone by the cradle with his other hand, Rick walked to the door and spied through the peephole warily. The corridor outside was empty. "I swear to god, if you don't tell me—"

"There is no time to explain. You have two more minutes before the surveillance system is back online. We know you have the portal gun. You must leave now."

"Okay. Fine. Let's say I believe you—"

"Good. Go at once." Then the line went dead.

Rick's heart was pounding wildly as he hung up, his mind reeling at the unexpected development. Who the hell was the caller and why was he telling him all this? Was it a hoax? Or an actual warning? Whoever it was had an alarming amount of intel that made it hard to write it off as an average prank call.

The caller had mentioned Mouse by name. Mouse said that only his mother had ever called him that and no one else, unless—an image of Mouse bound and tortured, their secret nickname being cruelly ripped from him suddenly filled Rick's mind. A fresh wave of sweat broke out over his temples.

You must go now if you are both to live.

Okay, that just sounded dramatic. But in a space station full of the multiverse's biggest assholes, maybe it wasn't too much of a stretch. Hell, his last run-in with Citadel security had left him with a broken rib and a threat on his life.

Rick turned stubbornly back to readying his supplies. No. He'd spent too long going over the plan to throw it all out the window just because he'd been spooked. But his hands were shaking and uncoordinated as the caller's warning kept replaying in his mind: They're coming now.

An inexplicable itch started to crawl up Rick's nape, and he shot a look at the door, already imagining the thunderous march of Guard boots approaching. After waiting a heartbeat, he laughed aloud. He was being ridiculous. Rick's smile faltered, however, as the pounding grew louder and louder still. Or was it just the pounding of his blood in his ears? For a minute he stood stock-still, staring at the door, daring something to happen.

Mouse needs you.

His resolve finally snapping, Rick snatched the bag and slung it over his shoulder. "Aw, fuck this," Rick cursed, throwing all caution to the wind. He moved quickly to retrieve the concealed portal gun from inside. No point in trying to hide it now.

Taking a final breath and pressing his lips together, he ripped the cloth off.

The white plastic of the casing was scuffed and smudged gray from years of use; the interdimensional crystal, a mossy green where it usually glowed bright emerald. Rick could only hope that Chi was right about it having enough juice for the jump. From the looks of it, he wondered if it'd end up scattering his atomic makeup to the far corners of the universe instead.

Going on nothing more than a dubious phone call and a gut feeling that just wouldn't quit, Rick mangled the sign of the cross, leveled the gun at the nearest wall, and pulled the trigger.

...

One one thousand...two one thousand...three one thousand...

Rick knocked his head back against the wall as he counted, breathing out a curse. From around the corner, he could still make out the idle chit-chat of the Guard Ricks at the end of the hall. They couldn't be more than 20 feet from him. Giving a shaky sigh, he prayed that his temporary refuge would hold.

He ran a hand across his brow, wiping away beads of sweat that threatened to drip into his eyes. Christ Almighty, it was hot down here. The heat from the boilers was palpable through the walls, making the entire floor burn like a sweltering desert. Even without his lab coat, which he'd immediately torn off and stuffed into his bag upon his arrival to sub-level 10, his shirt stuck uncomfortably close to his skin, a layer of sweat trapped between it and his chest.

Sub-level 10 was even stuffier than sub-level 6 since it housed the Citadel's extensive HVAC system. With the space station running on tefrag, a powerful but unstable compound, the entire bottom level was dedicated to machines specially designed to properly handle the stuff. Engineers maintained them around the clock to keep the Citadel's metaphorical heart beating.

It was strangely fitting, in a way, that Mouse was housed here as well.

A portal jammer. A fucking portal jammer. They'd run through lists of scenarios, and yet why hadn't he considered a jammer? He smacked his head back again. Because you're a dumb, fucking moron. That's why.

So maybe this wasn't exactly the most productive conversation he could be having, but he was pissed. He'd input the room's coordinates correctly, but with the jammer in place, he'd been spit out into a completely different section of sub-level 10. Only luck and the fail-safe calculations programmed into the portal gun had prevented him from being portaled out into the cold embrace of space, and for that he should have been grateful.

However, Rick had also just spent the last half hour dodging security cameras and the occasional engineer. Now he was tired, harried, and very, very cranky.

Four one thousand...five one thousand...

The droning of machinery hummed through the metal walls and into the back of Rick's skull as he counted.

Six one thousand...seven one thousand...

ACCEPT NEW DATA?

"Right on time," Rick murmured. "All right, little guy. What have you got for me?" Rick blinked, running the program to translate the reconnaissance bug's latest feed. A screenful of information blanketed his vision.

IMMEDIATE HOSTILES FOUND: 2

COORDINATES: 10TDQ78903564, 10TDQ82343832

VOLATILE COMPOUNDS: Kold plasma, tetron, type-II gamma

OFF-SITE HOSTILES FOUND: 1

COORDINATES: 18STG83025586

VOLATILE COMPOUNDS: None

"Just two. I can handle that," Rick reassured himself. The third Rick—most likely an unarmed engineer on duty—didn't even factor into his mental rehearsal of the impending brawl. If he took down the Guards quickly enough, he could be in and out before even having to deal with him.

A quick peek around the corner confirmed the position of the two Guards. Five...ten... He could probably cross the distance in just over a handful of strides, but could he get to the Guards before they reacted? Rick closed his eyes and reconsidered his options. Rushing headlong into two armed Guards would be suicide. He needed something more subtle. A diversion? Maybe a demolition nano. But so close to the hull—

Rick paused in mid-thought, suddenly realizing that the Guards had gone quiet. No, wait. Someone was talking, but the voice sounded more refined than the Guards', almost deferential.

Shit! The engineer! How much time had passed while he was lost in thought? Rick kicked himself for not moving sooner. Kneeling low to keep out of sight, Rick spied down the hallway.

"Good evening, Master Guards. The One True Morty bids you good tidings."

The Guards had their backs to him as they were addressing—a Eun-Rick? Of course, Rick figured. Wherever Mouse was concerned, Eun-Ricks weren't too far behind. The Eun-Rick was partially obscured by the Guards from his vantage point, but Rick sized him up quickly. Physically, he didn't pose a threat, but now he had one more warm body to deal with.

"We come bearing a message regarding the X-Rick."

X-Rick? Rick twitched. Why would they be reporting on me? After all, he'd lain low after the second auction. But judging by the reaction of the Guards, they seemed to be anticipating the news.

"Out with it, Eun-Rick. What is it?" they asked testily.

"We've received word that the X-Rick has been tracked to level 4, quadrant 6. The Captain of the Guard is asking for all units to report there immediately for assistance. You are hereby discharged from your post, Master Guards."

The Guards looked at each other with some surprise. "How come we didn't hear anything about this?" One of them was already reaching for the communicator on his belt.

The Eun-Rick replied without missing a beat. "The Captain insisted we maintain radio silence on the matter. Finding the X-Rick is now priority number one, and all orders are to be relayed in person, lest the transmissions be intercepted by unfavorable parties. After all, we don't want to upset the public with any unnecessary panic, do we?" He paused to let the Guards give a few grumbled acknowledgments before continuing. "We have already arranged a replacement to cover the remainder of your shift." The Eun-Rick bowed low, adding, "We will stand post until their arrival."

When the Eun-Rick lifted his head again, he looked past the Guards' shoulders—and straight at Rick.

Oh, shit! Rick ducked his head quickly behind the corner again. He'd looked right at him! Rick braced himself against the wall, ready to bolt the moment the Eun-Rick raised the alarm.

"You are now relieved of your post, Master Guards. We thank you graciously for your service." There was a pause. Then, "Morty be with you."

"M-Morty be with you too," they grumbled awkwardly in return.

The sound of the Guards moving away came sharply to Rick's sensitive ears even over the thrumming of his heart. The hallway then fell quiet, but he waited a full minute before daring to move. Gripping the portal gun tightly in one hand—a dubious weapon at best—he took a breath and sprang around the corner.

The Eun-Rick was facing the door but then cocked his head and looked over his shoulder at Rick.

"Ah," the Eun-Rick said. It was not a cry of alarm but merely an acknowledgment of an expectation fulfilled. When he turned to face Rick fully, Rick saw he had a thick gauze covering his left cheek. For a long, drawn-out second, neither of them moved.

Rick swayed on his feet a fraction of a degree, torn between rushing the Eun-Rick to bludgeon his head in with the portal gun or fleeing in the opposite direction. The Eun-Rick had to know that he shouldn't be there, and with Mouse's room left vulnerable, he would no doubt call for the Guards' return.

But the Eun-Rick only regarded him quietly for another moment before giving a slow nod, his eyes steeped in an unwavering calm that had Rick transfixed. Without another word, the Eun-Rick turned and departed down the hallway, his bare feet carrying him silent as an apparition.

Rick rested a hand against the wall, suddenly gasping for air. He hadn't realized he'd been holding his breath. Why had the Eun-Rick let him go? One shout, and he could've had the Guards on him in a flash.

But, as crazy as it seemed, Rick got the sense that the Eun-Rick had been—had actually been relieved to see him.

First the anonymous call to his suite and now an unlikely ally. Things were spiraling dangerously out of Rick's control, and with the plan all but shot to hell, every step only took him further into uncharted territory. Luck appeared to have been on his side so far, but Rick wondered how long it would last.

Fuckin' A. Quit looking a gift horse in the mouth. At least you're still here, right? Rick reminded himself as he crept quickly to the unguarded door, eyes vigilant for any other surprise visitors. He half-expected to see Guards popping out from every corner, but the hall remained still and empty.

Rick pressed a shaking hand up to the door, excitement buzzing in his veins. Just a few inches of steel now lay between him and his goal. He was so close, he could already imagine the feel of Mouse, could practically smell him. He rested his forehead against the surprisingly cool surface, thanking whatever forces had gotten him this far.

Stepping back, he looked the nondescript door over. There was nothing that set it apart from the many others that littered sub-level 10, save for the security card reader positioned above the handle. Yet another obstacle he hadn't accounted for. He glossed a hand over the device's face, wondering how long it'd take him to reconfigure the switchboards to interface with it.

He was just about to take them out from his bag when he noticed something reflective sitting atop the matte black of the reader. Rick picked it up and stared dumbfounded at the translucent key card. CITADEL SECURIGRID was written on it in red letters above an embossed Dimension a-001.

Dimension a-001 was the Citadel's official dimension, assigned to it since its founding. Like members of a royal family assuming the title of bygone ancestors or the passing down of a coat of arms, tradition dictated that Council members and high-ranking officials gave up their original dimensional designation to take up the Citadel's. Bearing the mark of Dimension a-001 carried with it an unparalleled level of privilege and, above all else, power.

What Rick now held in his hand was the proverbial key to the city—or, as the case may be, Citadel.

He recalled the Eun-Rick had been facing the door just minutes earlier. Was this yet another gift from him? Too weary from all that he'd already endured and just too plain tired to care about the hows and whys, Rick slid the card through the reader without another thought.

The heavy lock withdrew immediately, and the door swung inside an inch. From the small gap, a gust of cool air rushed out, kissing Rick's overheated skin like a tender lover. He pocketed the card and pushed the heavy door into the unlit room, surprised when it didn't give so much as a squeak.

"Twinkle, twinkle, little star..." Rick's heart seized at the wistful sound of Mouse's quiet voice wafting out through the darkness. "How I wonder what you are..." He slipped inside, all tension flowing out of him like sand through an hourglass. "Up above the world so high..." Trance-like, Rick closed the door behind him quietly, not wanting to startle Mouse and interrupt his lullaby.

Mouse was looking out of a small porthole against the far wall, his figure highlighted by the audience of stars outside and his white robe swathed around—wait, no. It wasn't his robe but a bedsheet, the long, pale fabric shrouding his head and trailing out behind Mouse like broken wings.

Rick restrained himself from rushing across the room and grabbing Mouse at that very second. There was something about witnessing Mouse in such an innocent state that made Rick want to cherish this moment. He'd never heard Mouse sing before and was pleased to find his stuttered voice formed a smooth tenor in song.

"Like a diamond in the sky..."

Rick's fingers moved to the wall beside him, feeling for a light switch but finding none. He grinned as an idea struck him. Perhaps he could provide his own light show to accompany Mouse's berceuse to the stars.

He raised his right hand aloft in front of him. At his command, the ring of dormant nanos around his arm stirred and crept slowly beneath his sleeve until they came to rest in the center of his palm. Then, like a swarm of fireflies in the night, they flickered in unison before lifting off on their tiny, metallic wings. The bright pinpoints of light bathed the room in a golden glow, reminiscent of Mouse's own luminescent eyes.

"Twinkle, twinkle—" Mouse stopped mid-verse when one of the nanos hovered close by and landed on his shoulder. He stared at it through the porthole's reflection, captivated, and gave a hushed sound of awe. When he slowly reached for the tiny firefly, it fluttered away. He climbed to his bare feet to follow—and froze at the sight of Rick standing at the door.

Rick looked at Mouse through the net of yellow starlight that hung about the room as he let the messenger bag slip off his shoulder and onto the floor. "I—" His voice strained against a lump in his throat, and he swallowed. "I'm here, Mouse."

"Rick?" Mouse croaked, taking a faulty step toward him, then another. "Rick!" In four short strides, he was across the room and throwing himself into Rick's arms. "Y-you did it! You really came for me!" he cried in excited relief as he burrowed himself into Rick's chest, unable to get close enough.

"Of course I came for you. It's all I've—" Rick's words were thick with emotion. "Mouse, I'm just sorry it took this long." He slumped down to the floor, holding Mouse tightly as he rubbed his cheek against the top of his head.

The surge of invincibility that Rick always felt with Mouse sluiced through him, making his nerves sing with fervor. The universe could implode on itself at this very moment, and Rick wouldn't even care.

But Mouse was more impatient than Rick, already clambering up his chest and crushing his lips to Rick's. His intentions were noble but sloppy, driven by some agitated yearning that had him diving his tongue messily into Rick's mouth. Rick's brow shot up at the sudden, uncharacteristic display of affection. Still, he couldn't deny the arousal that was quickly piqued by the feeling of Mouse's soft lips and coy tongue entangled with his own.

Rick's hands were restless as they roamed Mouse's small body through the sheet, wanting to map out and memorize every contour, every peak and valley. With one strong hand, he squeezed the crest of his hip appreciatively as Mouse straddled him on wobbly knees. A distant part of Rick thought it strange that he hadn't heard a whisper of a Resonance yet, even as Mouse continued to grab at him for more. His other hand smoothed beneath the fabric to cradle the back of Mouse's head.

He pinched his brow in confusion. Something was off as he brushed his fingers across Mouse's barren nape. Where he would usually feel the weight of his thick braid, only cool air greeted him. He pulled away.

"Mouse, w-what happened to your h—" was all he could manage before he was smothered by another passionate assault on his lips. Rather than inciting Rick's carnal interests, it doused him with concern. He grabbed Mouse firmly by the shoulders and held him back at arm's length, asking sternly. "Mouse. What's wrong?"

Instead of answering him, Mouse only doubled his efforts, whining incoherently as he began tugging Rick's shirt up to pull at his belt.

"Mouse, I'm being serious here!" He seized Mouse's wrists. "Let me see you!" The terse command made Mouse instantly go limp in his grasp, head bowed and eyes glowing weakly. Rick slowly lifted his hands to Mouse's head, pausing briefly when Mouse cringed at his touch.

Mouse's long mane of hair was gone, reduced to a wreck of lopsided chunks that fell helter-skelter over his ears. Rick ran his fingers through the short curls, feeling Mouse's scalp for any sign of injury, but thankfully the damage was only cosmetic.

Rick pressed their foreheads together, letting his consciousness fan out in search of a Resonance that would tell him more. Come on... Show me what happened... But Mouse was silent, too traumatized to give him any leads.

Rick held Mouse's face in his palms, refusing to let him hide any longer. "Oh, Mouse," he said in a hushed voice, placing a chaste kiss on his brow. The loving gesture shattered Mouse's composure, and he sobbed freely. His cracked warbles tore holes in Rick's heart.

"I-I thought of you," he began weakly, slowly picking up strength, "just like y-you told me to. I imagined you w-were there with me, but—but it didn't—I-I was still so—" His small frame bowed beneath the force of his sobs. "P-please, Rick. Just...make it all better." Before Rick could respond, Mouse grabbed his hands and held them to his hips. "Please," he begged again, squirming on Rick's lap until he was grinding against his erection.

"Mouse, don't." Rick looked away, confused and yet painfully aroused. He felt so dirty. "Listen, I just need you to tell me—"

"No! You listen!" Mouse's outburst stunned Rick into silence. His next words seemed to take all his willpower to get out, and he fumbled several tries before he finally said, "M-make me feel good, a-and then—then you'll know the truth."

Rick couldn't believe what Mouse was asking for.

His heart clenched at the prospect of exploiting Mouse just to gain information from him. He wanted their shared touches to be special, sacred, something born out of affection rather than necessity. It pained him to think that their feelings for each other could be whittled down to a simple equation of cause and effect; their time together, just a means to an end.

"Is that how—is that how you think it works?"

Mouse wilted at the sound of utter disappointment in Rick's voice. "I-I'm sorry. I just d-don't know what t-to do."

"It's all right, Mouse. I do want to be with you. But—" He pressed a kiss to his temple. "—not like that."

With some effort and more than a few protests from his old joints, Rick scooped Mouse up in his arms and hoisted himself to his feet. He made his way to the mattress in the corner.

The room really was no larger than a maintenance closet. The walls and floor, done in the same brushed cement, kept it unnaturally cool despite the massive boilers that burned just beyond them. A simple lavatory, the type found in interstellar prisons, occupied one corner. Sheets of paper and what looked like shards of charcoal littered the floor beneath the porthole.

The bed's plain white linens glowed like a beacon in the dim. The sheets were ragged and smelled pungently of Mouse, likely not having been washed in months, and one corner of the mattress was frayed so badly, the stuffing was bursting out through a hole.

Rick knelt on the sagging mattress, its springs yawning beneath his weight. Mouse refused to give up his tenacious grip on his shirt, stubbornly clinging to him like a burr, despite Rick's gentle coaxing.

"Don't worry, Mouse. I'm not going anywhere." A quick check to ORA's internal clock confirmed he was still hours ahead of the scheduled delivery time. Jump-starting the plan had proven to be a blessing in disguise. Mouse was clearly too emotionally distraught to meet the demands of a harrowing escape. They wouldn't be going anywhere anytime soon. Rick would have to figure out a way to reach the elevator, of course, but right now the thought of leaving the relative safety of Mouse's room was the furthest thing from his mind.

"W-will you—will you do it n-now?" Mouse asked timidly, eyes askance. A fragmented Resonance—still too fraught with trepidation to be any real use—skittered through Rick's brain to fill out the rest of Mouse's vague request.

Rick shook his head as he spoke. "I know you think that's what you need, Mouse. But this—" He paused to brush Mouse's limp dick through the sheet like a buyer inspecting a peddler's wares, indifferent and methodical. "Touching you isn't all it takes. Hell, anyone can do that." There was a hint of frustration in his voice as he imagined all the other countless Ricks who had touched Mouse so callously. He hated to think he could be assumed to be anything like them.

Mouse dropped his head, shame radiating from him so fiercely that Rick didn't need any assistance to decipher it.

"What I'm trying to say is what you and me have, it's different from anyone else." He shifted off of his knees and sat cross-legged. Seating Mouse more comfortably across his lap so that he was nestled in the crook of his arm, he continued, "And that's what makes the Resonances work. You've never been able to give them to anyone else because, well..." Rick faltered, suddenly unsure how to continue.

"Because?" Mouse urged him on.

"Because I...care about you," Rick stammered, embarrassed by his flimsy cover-up. Wow. Grown man afraid of the big, bad L word."A-and when you're with someone that cares about you—"

"I care!" Mouse jumped in. "I care about you too!" For the first time that night, his face was alight in a smile. "I care about you more than anyone else!"

"A-all right, Mouse. I get it. Y-you don't have to keep—" Rick ran a hand over his face, hiding his blush. "Don't wear it out, y'know?" Even though his true feelings for Mouse rang through him as clear as a bell, he still refused to give them a name. He envied Mouse his Resonance just then—being able to say everything he wanted without ever opening his mouth.

"But I r-really mean it," Mouse insisted. "I care about you more than—more than Neapolitan ice cream!" He was planting kisses on Rick's neck and cheeks, driven by a rekindled energy that hinged on confidence rather than shaky desperation like before.

Rick chuckled, trying to catch Mouse's lips before they could flutter away. Goddamn, he's so cute. His grin made it impossible to kiss properly, so instead he nudged Mouse back with a persistent brush of his lips until he'd eased him down onto the scrappy pillow at the head of the mattress.

The subtle change in position roused some baser instinct inside of Rick, and he felt a heady desire wash through him as he drank in Mouse's small form. Reed-thin and boney, covered only in a threadbare sheet and goosebumps, hair hacked to bits—he looked like a cast-off street urchin, worlds away from the cushion of luxury that Rick had first found him in.

Yet, free from the trappings of his gilded cage, he was the most beautiful thing Rick had ever seen.

Rick leaned down and pressed their lips together. This time, they shared a tender kiss, one marked by gentle caresses and breathy sighs. With it came a wisp of a Resonance, that familiar feeling of Rick's mind making space to accommodate another's thoughts.

"Are you happy, Mouse?"

"W-with you, always." Mouse clung to Rick's arms, looking up at him with longing.

"Then let's both be happy," Rick rasped, claiming Mouse's lips in a fiery kiss.

He dipped his tongue into Mouse's mouth, snuffing out any shred of his prior hesitancy and making a Resonance bloom heartily in its place. It told him in no uncertain terms that Mouse wanted this, and Rick obliged him generously. Within moments, Mouse was returning the kiss with ardor, fingers tangling themselves in Rick's hair, every moan sending bolts of electricity straight to his groin.

Tired of their previously rushed encounters and missed chances, Rick wanted to make something complete between them tonight. For the first time since they'd found each other, they were in a safe space, unrestrained by time and free of intrusions. Here within the haven of Mouse's bed, away from anyone who threatened to come between them, Rick's body thrummed with the undeniable truth: He would finally have Mouse, in every meaning of the word.

If what he heard from the Resonances were any indication, then Mouse shared his yearning wholeheartedly. His usual docility replaced with a zealous need, he responded eagerly to Rick's touch.

Make me feel good. Make me feel good. Make it all better.

"Don't worry, babe. I will."

Rick drew himself back onto his knees just long enough to peel his shirt off over his head and wrestle out of his slacks and briefs. Then he dove back into Mouse's arms, tearing the flimsy sheet aside to bare Mouse and press their naked bodies together. Mouse's slim hips fit snugly between Rick's, their rigid cocks like fire-warmed pokers against each other's bellies.

The nanos had drifted closer to the bed, casting their soft light on its inhabitants. They'd sensed the sudden elevation in their master's biometric readings and had come to investigate. Hovering silently overhead, they formed a ring above the two lovers.

"Is this how you imagined it'd be, Mouse?"

Mouse nodded shakily, his eyes clenched shut.

"In your bed like this?"

Mouse only keened in response, but a resounding yes echoed in Rick's head.

He probed further. "Did you imagine me kissing you?" Yes."Touching you?" Yes!

Every affirmation made the Resonance stronger, and Rick could plainly see what Mouse had envisioned for this moment: He saw them wrapped in each other's arms so tightly, their boundaries blurred. He saw himself holding Mouse's thighs apart as he dipped his head down to—

Aha.

Rick grinned and left a final kiss on Mouse's forehead before slinking down his torso, past his flat belly. He slid his hands behind Mouse's back, dragging his fingers down the twin columns of muscle framing his spine. Mouse couldn't help but arch into it, giving an indulgent sigh and turning to mush beneath the sensuous contact. Once Rick reached the base of his spine, he held Mouse's bottom aloft, watching his pert cock bob in front of him.

He kissed the tip of it before resting it on his tongue and sliding the full length into his mouth.

"Rick!" Mouse gave a warbled cry as he thrust up, seeking more of Rick's warm and gifted mouth. Rick had no trouble taking Mouse in to the hilt, letting his chin bump against Mouse's balls while he fluttered his tongue along the underside of the shaft. But at the Resonance's urging, Rick changed tactics seamlessly. He drew back to swirl his tongue sumptuously around the sheathed glans, rolling back the foreskin just enough to wriggle his tip against the slit. Rick gave a throaty groan of approval as he relished Mouse's flavor, tangy and blunt on his taste buds.

Mouse stretched his arms overhead, clawing at the edge of the mattress as he moaned "ah, ah, ah" in a rhythmic chant. He rested one foot on Rick's shoulder and tipped his thighs even wider, granting Rick better access. Rick took the hint and pressed a digit into Mouse's slick behind, drawing another shuddered gasp from him.

As he worked him with his tongue and finger, Rick let himself fall into Mouse's mind, riding the swell of Resonance far inside. Peeling back the layers of his more immediate thoughts, Rick rummaged deeper in search of some explanation of what had happened to Mouse in the time they were apart.

Consciousness gave way to unconsciousness, strips of images and feelings sliding across each other like eels. When Rick touched the first of them, he was immediately awash in the recent memory. The scene materialized around him, shapes and colors suggesting—a bedroom?

The image refused to reveal any more to him, so Rick quickened his pace along Mouse's cock while his finger pumped in and out. Mouse keened, using his foot on Rick's shoulder as leverage to smash his crotch against his face. His legs began to tremble as he rushed to the brink, muscles tensing tight as a guitar string.

The stronger Mouse's pleasure grew, the sharper the image formed in Rick's mind. The Resonance breathed life into the scraps of images until they formed a crystal-clear replica of Mouse's memory. He saw the scene through his vision, first directed at the dark, stained carpet before swinging up to look into the face of Riq.

Riq was eyeing Mouse with a strange mix of affection and madness, his hand resting heavily on Mouse's shoulder. Now I believe you have something for me. The echo of Riq's words were muffled in Rick's ears, as though heard underwater.

The scene played out like a scratched disc, jumping forward and stuttering at odd intervals, as Mouse's mind refused to recall the details of the scene in full. Rick's stomach burned at the sight of Mouse being dragged to the bed, of Riq looming over him with a clear intention of rape. But then Mouse was suddenly fighting him off, a valiant if not futile attempt before diving for the knife.

Please, Rick. Don't let him get me. Keep me safe from the Dark Room. I wish you were here with me. I wish you were here—Mouse's internal plea was abruptly silenced by a horrific scream as Riq viciously hacked off his hair. Rick felt the slice of the knife like it were against his own scalp, and he tore himself off of Mouse's cock to gasp at the shocking burst of pain.

Mouse protested at the sudden interruption, an unwelcome cool settling on his exposed skin where Rick's tongue had been a second ago. "Please!" he begged, arms reaching for Rick.

Rick hauled himself up from between Mouse's thighs and pulled him into his lap. He nuzzled at Mouse's temple, salty with sweat as he panted, "I'm here. I'm here, Mouse. He can't get you anymore. I won't let him. I won't let them."

A fire of possessiveness and fury roiled through Rick. He knew what he had to do now. Deserting the Citadel was no longer an option so long as the Council still lived. He wouldn't rest until those monsters had paid dearly for their crimes against Mouse, until they'd been brought to justice, their heads on fucking pikes. Rick's rage would be the fire to cleanse every iota of them from the multiverse.

Their chests were pressed impossibly close as Rick held him, hearts beating like tribal drums against one another. He rocked cross-legged back and forth on the mattress, Mouse's legs wrapped around Rick's waist.

"Rick, R-Rick!" he cried, his cock burning hard and hot against Rick's stomach. He was equal parts fever and frustration, every squirm of his hips coating Rick's shaft in his slick. The smell of Mouse hung thick in the air, deluging Rick's senses until he could think of nothing else but burying himself in that sweet warmth.

Rick's voice was almost unrecognizable when he spoke again, driven to new depths by his lust. "I-I'll keep you safe, Mouse. It'll be just you and me from now on. I won't let anyone ever touch you again. You're mine."

"Please, Rick. Please..." Mouse mumbled into the flesh of Rick's shoulder. Mouse shifted his hips, letting Rick's cock prod firmly against his slick entrance. The small whorl of flesh fluttered at the contact, planting tempting kisses on the head in invitation. "I want—"

"I know, Mouse," Rick choked out, his cock poised just beneath Mouse. It echoed the fierce pulsing of his heart. "I-I just need to—let me—" he gasped in his ear, not sure what he was trying to say and not caring. But he was already canting his hips and guiding the head into Mouse's waiting hole.

He slipped past the first ring of muscle with delicious satisfaction.

Ffffuck...

Rick's toes curled beneath Mouse's rump at the sudden envelopment of heat, at Mouse's juices dribbling down the rest of his trembling shaft. Mouse grunted and writhed, trying to lower himself, but he was left skewered on the end of Rick's cock. His hole clenched in frustration at only being partially filled, making Rick hiss with every spasm.

"Shh, shh. Mouse, it's okay. Don't rush it," he said, even when all he wanted to do was the opposite. He slipped his fingers behind Mouse to caress the tender flesh stretched around his girth, marveling at how perfectly Mouse felt around him. It was like nirvana itself had been narrowed down to this single point, and Rick sang his gratitude into Mouse's ear. "God, Mouse. It's amazing, what you do to me."

Rick's words just made Mouse cling more tightly to his shoulders as he squirmed clumsily on his cock.

For all that Mouse remained silent atop his perch, the Resonances firing off in Rick's head told a different story. He was wild with unspoken demand, rallying for more. But Mouse was so small and tight and— God, Rick was certain that he couldn't possibly take it all. Yet he was asking—no, begging for Rick to fuck him into the mattress.

A feral instinct to rut pulsed hot through Rick, and his hands on Mouse's hips quivered, fighting the urge to grab and thrust and cram every inch of himself into Mouse right then and there. If he started now, he knew he wouldn't be able to stop. After all those days of wanting and waiting, his self-restraint was standing on nothing but toothpicks.

He gave an experimental shift of his hips, pushing into Mouse a fraction of an inch. Mouse gave a soft whimper, his limbs going tense around Rick's neck. Another thrust, tipped inwards this time, and Mouse was loosening his hold and arching back with a deep sigh. Rick was almost thrown into a frenzy when he saw Mouse's expression.

Mouse looked euphoric, all the tension gone from his face as he gazed into Rick's eyes with uncompromising reverence. His kiss-swollen lips were parted as he drew in shaky breaths. All trace of his earlier distress had been erased, leaving only a sovereign tranquility. He was a prince come home to his throne.

"Keep going," Mouse breathed.

Needing no more encouragement than that, Rick gripped Mouse's hips and pushed him down onto his cock. Mouse gasped, kicking and struggling as he was impaled, but Rick kept going, gyrating his hips in tight circles to fit all of himself in until his balls brushed against Mouse's ass. All hint of rationale was usurped by a craving to brand Mouse so that he would be his, absolutely and without question.

"Rick, w-wait..." Mouse wheezed, small Epiphanies going off like fireworks in Rick's brain. Rick bent forward, cradling him against his chest and rumbling into his ear, "I'm sorry, Mouse. I'm sorry. I'll make it feel good. I promise." He mouthed at Mouse's slack lips, rousing him to kiss back even as he began to thrust, swallowing every cry he punched out of him.

Rick's hips moved of their own accord, drunk on pent-up want and the scent of Mouse on his cock and pubes. A stream of profanities dribbled liberally from Rick as he fucked him in his lap, anchoring Mouse in place with his fingers on his hips. The Epiphanies gradually ebbed, replaced with something glorious as Mouse's pleasure surpassed the pain.

The strength of the Resonance was so great, it pulled Rick out and away without his even willing it. He was a slave to its power, having no choice but to follow it into the Citadel mindscape farther and more penetrating than ever before. He could navigate the tapestry of thoughts with unprecedented ease now. The differences between Ricks were so glaringly clear to him, they might as well have been advertising their identities and innermost secrets on neon billboards.

But he wasn't interested in exploring the thoughts of just anyone. No, his sights were set on the highest levels of the Citadel, passing over the banalities of the masses that hummed like flies on a rotting carcass. He picked out the target of his ire instantly. It'd have been impossible not to find them, with their egos radiating an aura of self-importance a mile wide.

The Council had done so much wrong to Mouse and to himself, and he wanted to find a way to decimate them from the inside out.

Before long, he had found their tangle of cacophonous thoughts, each thread braying as loud as a mule. Incredible. Even in this mind space, each Council member struggled to be heard over his pompous brethren. To his relief, Riq appeared to be absent. Rick had no interest in spoiling his evening by delving into the madman's deranged head a second time anyway.

Rick quickly realized that the Council's attention was occupied not by matters of official business, but by a lavish meal. They gushed over all manner of gastronomic delights, dish after dish sparking their appetites anew. Sights and smells of a banquet filled Rick's senses, the aroma of succulent meats mingling with the musk of sex as he fucked Mouse with abandon.

The clinking of silverware was drowned out by Mouse's moans of pleasure while Rick rammed into him, grunting and huffing like a bull. Slick squelched around his cock as Rick drew his length out, only to plunge it back in, milking Mouse's sweet spot again and again.

He could nearly see the Council members gathered around the stately dinner table. Napkins were tucked daintily into their collars and dishware set with fastidious care, as Mortys dressed in livery waited on them hand and foot. A fire crackled in the alabaster fireplace, and wine poured seemingly without end.

The Council were bathed in warmth and luxury, while the catalyst of their wealth was locked away in a shithole with nothing but barren concrete walls and a shoddy bed to lay on. That same bed's ancient springs now creaked in earnest as Rick flexed his thighs, rhythmically bouncing Mouse on his cock.

With the augmented Resonance propelling him onward, Rick dove beneath the Council's surface thoughts, seeking out some evidence to use against them. At first it was dishearteningly bland. Internal monologues about trite to-do lists and petty complaints played through his head in a grating whine. Rick almost considered leaving after listening to Rick Prime prattle on about the latest shipment of dinner forks, when he heard something that caught his attention.

Such an extravagant gift of silverware. How nice of the GF to show they care.

The GF? Now things were getting interesting. Prime's appreciation was accompanied by other strangely pleasant thoughts on the subject. But it didn't make any sense. Why would the Council be talking about their sworn enemy so amiably? With a little investigating, the nugget of thought quickly branched out to a network of similar sentiments echoed by Prime's council-mates.

They've done a fine job holding up their end of the bargain.

Maintaining such a high degree of consanguinity with their establishment has proven to be a salubrious endeavor for all parties involved.

The entire Citadel is at our mercy at the cost a few measly Ricks? It's so simple, we should've done this sooner.

The last voice was unfamiliar to Rick until he realized that it was Quantum Rick's. Of course the belcher spoke coherently in his mind, but Rick was surprised to hear such acidity in his words.

The longer he lingered in the nether thoughts, the more facets of the thinkers' minds he was able to access. Rick found that he could not only dive deeper but also older, exploring memories that went back years. Like running through a database search, Rick scanned dozens upon dozens of entries centering around the topic of the Galactic Federation.

With a grunt, Rick lurched forward onto his knees, curling over Mouse on the narrow bed and rutting like an animal. He pinned his wrists to the mattress above his head with one hand while the other hoisted up Mouse's small bottom, his hips pistoning into him rigorously. Sweat dripped down his neck with the exertion, but the sweet sound of Mouse's cries at every slam of his hips spurred him on.

Life is a bed of roses when you're sleeping with the enemy.

Dawg, we's livin' the good life. Daz what I'm talkin' 'bout!

Rick replayed snippets of conversations between Council members and high-ranking GF officials, every exchange baffling Rick even more. There was talk of sharing caches, divvying up new territories in a matter-of-fact way, and the topic of meeting a certain "quota" popped up with surprising frequency. But as for what that quota consisted of—weapons? materials? intel?—it still eluded Rick. Whatever it was, it appeared to be something that the Council was supplying to the GF.

Rick thought about the Citadel news and the ferocity with which it evangelized the war against the GF. He couldn't imagine that the Council had any reason to consort with them on any kind of genial terms. Yet, oddly enough, the thoughts he intercepted made it seem like the GF were almost pals with the Council rather than an enemy.

Because that's precisely what they are, Rick.

Rick jumped at the sudden intrusion. He immediately backpedaled out of the Council's thoughts, scrutinizing his surroundings for the source of the voice. It sounded far more tangible than the distant vagaries he encountered, almost like someone had just whispered the words into his ear. And most surprising of all, it sounded very much like a Morty.

Rick paused to search Mouse's face for some evidence that the disembodied voice had actually come from him. But Mouse was too busy panting his name, his arousal-blushed face pinched in concentration as he struggled to endure the pleasure assailing his senses.

He shook his head. All this traipsing around minds must've been messing with his own. He couldn't even tell where his thoughts ended and another's began. Was he going crazy?

Hardly. A ripple of laughter vibrated through the voice. But it's good to see you here. I've waited a long time for you. Come. Let me show you something, Rick of Dimension X-280.

The threads of thought he'd been following suddenly drew together, trading their disjointed meanderings for something that took real form before him. They bound together as tightly as steel cable and twice as strong, leading Rick down one particular memory from the past. He could practically feel the cool of the cable beneath his fingers as he followed it to its endpoint—and in the next instant, he was standing inside a room, his fingers now gliding along the surface of a metal table.

Five members of the Council sat before him, seated around a large, round conference table. A sterile light illuminated the space from above, while the rest of the room faded into blackness, as though nothing existed beyond the light's touch. Given the nature of memory and recall, that was likely the case.

Rick looked around at the audience of Council members. He noted that they lacked their official garb, and they seemed to sport fewer wrinkles and more hair. Even Zeta Alpha's hulking wig was absent. This must've been years ago, he rationalized. Maybe even before the Council's tyrannical reign had begun.

They were looking at Rick expectantly, as though waiting for him to continue something he'd said. Rick tried to step back from the scene and away from their piercing eyes, but he was rooted to the spot. He opened his mouth to say there'd been a mistake, when—

"Gentle-Rick, as of today, the Galactic Federation threat is no more," he suddenly found himself saying.

A roar of congratulations echoed around the table as the Council slapped each other on the back and gave whoops and "huzzahs." Ricktiminus and Zeta Alpha high-fived each other like they'd just heard the winning score of their favorite sports team.

Rick raised his hands to quiet them, the gravelly voice slipping out from between his lips like it'd always belonged there. "As we've all discussed, however, this news will be deemed strictly confidential. As far as the average Rick is concerned, we are still at war with the Galactic Federation. Updates on the warfront will continue to be broadcasted just as before, with new campaigns being devised by our PR department every two to three months."

The Council members were nodding along, completely at ease with the shocking news Rick was delivering.

"Per our agreement with General Mollar, the Federation will be allowed to carry out its functions as usual. They'll continue to unify planets under the Galactic Federation name, wage battles with dissidents—and whatever other petty, little pet projects they like to waste their time on. However, we will still hold the final say on all executive orders."

"Sheet, dawg! Dat makes us straight-up commander-in-chief in the hood!"

"Quite." Rick felt himself smile. "Now the only matter left to attend to is the quota."

Prime piped up before he could continue. "Weren't we calling it the lottery? 'Quota' just sounds so tottery."

"Urrp braaaugh augh."

Zeta Alpha pointed finger guns at Quantum Rick. "Now, that'd get my vote any day of the week!"

"Enough!" Rick slammed his palms on the table, making each Council member's whiskey tumbler clatter. "What we call it is irrelevant. What matters is selecting the dimensions to fill the order. A regular supply will ensure the Rick populace remains obedient and in our debt, but also keep those GF pigs satisfied. Even in defeat, they have their hungry egos to feed." The insult garnered another round of mumbles. He continued. "The pieces have already been set in place, and our first mock detainment is scheduled to be carried out by tomorrow."

"How will the fortunate—or, rather, unfortunate—candidates be solicited, Riq?"

Rick looked down at the table's chrome surface where Riq's face was smirking back at him.

"Just leave the Code Yellows to me."

The scene flickered to a halt like a movie projector running out of film, leaving Rick in utter darkness. No thoughts, no memories, no input of any kind met him for a handful of blissful seconds. The stillness was both terrifying and soothing. Although his corporeal body was locked in the throes of lovemaking, Rick's astral self lay supine in the void, feeling an emptiness echo within him. What he'd just witnessed was too momentous to put into words, and he felt akin to a toddler tasked with preparing a dissertation on quantum entanglement.

The Council, he started slowly, is working with the GF. They're trading Ricks to—to—

Very close, Rick. The same Morty voice from before surfaced right beside him.

Rick went over the facts again, not liking the conclusion that was staring him in the face. They...are the GF.

Precisely. The voice beamed with approval. And?

There were never any arrests. It's—they've been selling off Ricks to the Federation.

Yes. Your brothers have been sacrificed in the name of exploitation.

Now Rick had no doubt that it wasn't just a random thought that he was accessing. The voice was actually someone speaking to him.

Who are you?

Who I am is not important. Now that you know the truth, you must act.

The truth? The truth, it turned out, was more sinister than he'd ever imagined, the Council more corrupt than he thought it capable. The sheer magnitude of the scam was overwhelming. But with it, he realized, he'd been given the key to the Council's own undoing. The only question was how he'd pull it off.

The voice tinkled like a glass bell in the breeze. The answer will come in time, Rick. Go to your teacher, and then come find me. You have far greater plans to fulfill. And with that, the voice was gone.

Gasping loudly, Rick blinked back to reality. It took a moment for him to orient himself, but the first thing he noticed was that he was lying on his back, head propped on the dingy pillow. The ring of nanos still circled slowly overhead, backlighting Mouse as he continued to ride Rick. He was sweaty and flushed, his dick slapping Rick's belly as his small hands were braced on his abs.

The earth-shattering realizations from the Resonance had rocked Rick to the core. But, like a dream running through his fingers, they swiftly dissipated from the forefront of his mind. Even the strange exchange he'd had with the voice gradually bled into his own thoughts, until he was convinced that he had had the conversation with himself all along. Knowledge of the Council's scheme teetered just on the periphery of Rick's consciousness, relegating itself to being dealt with at a later time.

Right now, the fog of desire was still thick in Rick's head, his temporarily split attention having done little to dull his libido. His cock was still hard as steel as it pounded in and out of his lover's ass. He heard his name said like a mantra on Mouse's tongue, and he held onto his hips anew as he looked up at him in awe.

Mouse was an utter mess above Rick, any remnants of his subservient demeanor replaced by this debauched, lustful thing. His nest of hair, now weighed down with sweat, befit his haggard state, and his skin glistened with a sheen of sweat.

"That's it, Mouse," Rick crooned, the next Resonance painting him a picture of what Mouse needed and exactly where he needed it. "I'll give it to you just the way you want, babe."

Rick could see Mouse's arousal laid out like a road map through the Resonance, a mental diagram that revealed his deepest devotions. What Mouse held in the safety of his mind was enough to make even Rick blush. He was finding it harder and harder to believe that he'd never not known Mouse could be such a minx.

Rick caught Mouse by the wrists, pinning them down as he tilted his hips and fucked up into him like a jackhammer. Mouse thrashed and writhed, yanking futilely in Rick's grasp, wanting escape but also so clearly wanting more. He nearly collapsed beneath the assault, drool spilling free from his slack lips, but Rick wouldn't spare him the luxury of rest.

Finally breaking free of Rick's hold, Mouse clutched at his own shoulders as though to keep himself from falling apart. His breathing became more erratic, his movements more desperate, feeling the orgasm inside him begin to peak. Mouse was close, and Rick wanted to see every beautiful moment of it.

Mouse was like a fallen angel above him. His pale skin was flushed bright with passion, a halo of golden light illuminating his curls, his arms X'ed across his chest.

"Mouse..." Rick panted. Then he was swept under by his climax, his ears muffled by the sound of his pounding heart—or was it Mouse's? Seed pumped thick and plentiful from his cock to fill Mouse's hole until it spilled over, mixing with the juices that had pooled on his stomach.

Mouse's limbs went taut, and he stilled as the orgasm finally overtook him. It rose like a steady tide inside of him, surging forward with all the force of an ancient sea until Mouse's entire body was filled with its energy. Rick could see it radiating from him as clearly as the golden glow of his eyes that lit up the room.

At last, the swell of pleasure had crested and it demanded an exit, tumbling out in hot spurts to streak Rick's abs and chest. Mouse dropped his head back, giving a long and quiet exhalation that was carried high throughout the Citadel.

...

What happened next would never be quite understood. There was no record of it having taken place, no evidence that it had ever come to pass. But for one unmistakable moment, every being in the Citadel was awash in a love so pure, few believed it even possible.

Mama Eun-Rick put down her makeup compact as she sat in front of her vanity, suddenly overcome by a contentment that warmed her cold heart. When she looked into the mirror, she saw the beauty of her own bare face, without the need for makeup to hide it—a face of someone incredible. A face worth loving.

She dropped her head back, sliding her eyes shut.

"Riri..."

The Captain of the Guard was supposed to be listening to an update in the log regarding the whereabouts of their missing target, but his attention kept drifting to the speaker instead. I-006 was simply delivering his report in his crisp and stutter-free voice, but to the Captain it sounded like the richest symphony.

He indulged himself in a small smile as he raised his head and whispered.

"Isyx..."

?-530 and ?-532 held each other tightly beneath the satin sheets. Hisses and stutters were swallowed in their open-mouthed kisses as they grabbed each other with a passion that rivaled their worst fights.

The twins breathed each other's name in unison.

"Brother..."

From behind the doors of the Council's seraglio, a great cry rose, swelling like a tidal bore of agony. It was a song of the utmost sorrow, sung in a dozen warbling voices.

It seeped beneath the door and echoed down the halls, long abandoned for the night, before dying like a retreating wave.

C-165 smiled at the drink nestled between his hands, recalling the memory of a lover from long ago.

He lifted the glass in a toast in the middle of the empty bar.

"Here's to you—"

A trio of Eun-Ricks stood in a circle around a small figure, their hands linked.

"Is this part of the prophecy?" the first of them asked.

"I-it's more beautiful than we even imagined," sighed the second, on the verge of tears.

The final Eun-Rick knelt and pressed his forehead to their conduit's limp hand. "Has it really begun?"

"Yes," said the Morty. "They are now one."

?-669 arched into his lover's caress, relishing the feel of ?'s sturdy hands on his hips as he was fucked from behind. He called for him, cupping the back of ?'s neck to guide his lips to his. ? was gentle as he ravaged ?'s battered mouth with his tongue, rolling his hips sensually just the way his master liked it.

"Now, who do you love?" ? asked, already anticipating the time-honored answer.

"You..."

"Good boy."

Auctioneer Rick tossed and turned in his king-sized bed. He bolted upright and ran a shaky hand through his sweat-dampened hair, trying to figure out what had awoken him. All he could grasp was the sudden spite for the cold sheets beside him and the uncomfortable tent in his pants.

He huffed a lock of hair from his forehead and raised his face to the ceiling fan.

"Rickochet..."

I-6 fell to his knees, hand tugging the front of his uniform, trying to get his heart under control. Sweat rolled into his eyes as he looked around at the rest of his unit. They were equally incapacitated, some already tearing their clothes off while others simply wept on the floor. I-6 tried to reach for his communicator but ended up cupping his throbbing erection through his pants instead.

He clenched his eyes shut as he rasped.

"Captain..."

Chi sat stiffly on the edge of the bed, fingers clutching the unfamiliar cover—it was a pattern he'd have never chosen himself. The room was still dark, leaving him feeling utterly alone even when the sleeping figure behind him shifted and murmured his name. He ignored it as he picked up his glasses on the bedside table.

Chi looked up at the ceiling, closing his eyes.

"280..."

Riq was burning the midnight oil at his desk, a mountain of paperwork his only companion. He was currently sifting through the day's meeting minutes when a random, stray drop of water blurred the text.

He blinked and another tear plipped onto the digital screen, then another. A wave of nausea suddenly gripped him, making his mouth flood with saliva. He threw himself at the nearest trash bin, clutching the rim as he emptied the contents of his stomach.

Bleary-eyed, he wiped the sick that clung to his lips. He looked skyward, overcome with the need to utter the only name that could ever give him solace. But when he opened his mouth to speak, he was seized by another uncontrollable retching, his head back in the bin.

Far below the turmoil of longing and lust, in the deepest bowels of the Citadel, two lovers were locked in a tantric embrace. They whispered each other's secrets and desires and the awe they shared. But their secrets were not their own; their desires, greater than mere flesh could contain; and their awe, nothing compared to that held by the cosmos that witnessed them.

A chime of joy rang throughout the universe, for with The Ones' union, Symmetry would at last be restored.

...

"So w-we're leaving now?"

"Yup," Rick answered cheerfully, pulling his top on over his head. Marbles of water still rolled down his skin from his quick wash-up, before disappearing beneath the blue sweater to be absorbed into the fibers. "Bet you're pretty eager to get moving."

Mouse was on the bed, watching him pack his messenger bag as he ran a hand lazily over the front of his new shirt, the fabric glowing a muted yellow in the dim of the nanos' light.

The scratchy cotton was foreign to him, but rubbing it against his skin seemed to help dull the uncomfortable itch. And the jeans—well, the jeans were another matter entirely. Mouse couldn't stop fidgeting, unused to any material touching him so intimately. The way they hugged his legs and bottom and crotch so closely was nothing short of violating. For the first several minutes he was wearing them, he kept tugging at the fabric until Rick told him he'd better knock it off or else it'd look like he was "grabbing his junk."

And, apparently, grabbing your junk was frowned upon in the Citadel.

"But we're not leaving leaving, r-right?" Mouse asked. He climbed off the mattress to look out the porthole on the opposite wall. All the material covering him was making him feel overheated in the musk-ridden air of his room, and the cool glass gave a pleasant respite as he placed his palm against it.

"Y-yeah. Looks like we'll be sticking around for a little longer." Rick's voice held an apology, but it was quickly overshadowed by his enthusiastic exposition. "Like I said, Mouse, we can't leave the Citadel. Not yet at least. After what I saw inside there—I-I mean, the Resonance showed me what the Council's really been up to. Think about it. Can we really just walk away after knowing what they're doing?"

Mouse traced a finger down the glass, linking constellations that had been his only companions for the past few years. He knew their trajectories by heart, as the Citadel spun slowly on its axis. "I guess not," he said, resigned. "B-but I don't really get it. Why do you care so much what happens here, Rick, when we could just leave?"

It was the one part of Rick's plan that he still hadn't come to terms with. As far as Mouse was concerned, he already had the only Rick that mattered right beside him. What happened to other Ricks, the Citadel, and even the Council seemed of little importance.

"We could just leave the Citadel and never look back," Mouse added, distracted. "If they hurt each other, then let them. It's what Ricks do, right?" Through the porthole's reflection, Rick's expression shifted from surprise to confusion to quiet understanding. It was only then that Mouse realized the folly of his statement. "R-Rick! Uh, I-I didn't mean—" he sputtered.

"I know, Mouse," Rick said, coming up behind him to place his hands on his shoulders. Stars speckled his face as he gazed at him with a mixture of regret and hopefulness. "Hell, you must think I'm crazy to ask you to stay here even a minute longer, after everything they've—well, you know." He let the implication hang unspoken, and when he turned back, his voice was pinched with emotion. "Mouse, I know it's tempting to just up and go, but think about what we'll be allowing to happen. They'll keep sending innocent Ricks to Galactic Federation jail, or worse! If we leave now, they could screw over hundreds—no, thousands more Ricks. Ricks just like me!"

"But they're not like you," Mouse countered quickly, the notion too vile to be allowed to stand unchallenged. "They're nothing like you."

"Yeah, that's what I keep telling myself." Rick ran a hand through his hair and grabbed a fistful of it in a gesture that Mouse was quickly equating to his Rick being agitated about something. "T-trust me, I'll be the first Rick to admit that I don't like, well, Ricks. But there's something..." his voice trailed off as he looked away for a moment. When he spoke again, it came out measured as though he were piecing together his words as they came. "I can't really explain it, but I just know that we need to do this. The Council has to be taken down. It's asking a lot, I know, but just—will you help me, Mouse?"

Another protest jumped to Mouse's tongue, but he held it in. The look of vulnerability in Rick's eyes struck him silent as he considered his plea. He looked beyond Rick's reflection to the starscape in the window, the very same starscape that called to him fiercely. We could be out there today. We could leave at this very moment, Mouse thought with no small amount of pining. The desire to leave and be done with all of it was strong, but if this was what Rick wanted—

"A-all right, Rick. I'll help however I can," he said finally. Rick perked up immediately, but Mouse continued quickly to curb his enthusiasm. "But I'm only doing it for you, okay? Not for any other Ricks."

"I can live with that," Rick grinned, nodding approvingly at Mouse's conviction.

"S-so where do we begin?" Mouse asked, trying not to get too lost in the tender look that Rick was giving him.

Rick had gone over the basic outline of the plan earlier that night while he'd washed Mouse down with a ragged piece of cloth torn from the sheets and only the cold water from the sink. Much of Mouse's attention, however, was taken by the round of pleasure Rick gave him during the bath, and Mouse now found it difficult to recall the details.

"Naughty, naughty, Mouse. Weren't you listening when I told you the first time?" Rick leaned closer to rumble in his ear. "Or was it too hard to concentrate with my fingers inside you?"

Heat flashed over Mouse's face. "S-stop it! You're only going to make it w-worse!" he stammered.

It still surprised him how easily Rick could slip into his mind when that hot, itching feeling overcame him. Thinking ahead, he knew he'd have to keep his thoughts in check while they were walking around the Citadel.

Rick gave him a quick nip on the ear and chuckled before giving his explanation. "Well, now that we know the Council's the freakin' GF, shipping innocent Ricks off to some Galactic Federation clink and keeping everyone else in the Citadel scared shitless, it won't do us any good to keep this info to ourselves."

"So we'll have to let all the Ricks know too?"

"Bingo. This gives us just the ammo we need. Even I couldn't make up shit this crazy. And how do you think Ricks will react once they hear the news?"

"They're not gonna be happy. I know that Ricks d-don't really like surprises."

"And this is gonna be one hell of a surprise," Rick said, wrapping his arms around Mouse and resting his chin on his head.

Rick sounded so sure, Mouse could only hope it was really as simple as it seemed. Still, he was entrusting him with this—a chance to right wrongs, to make a difference. A flurry of pride swelled in Mouse's chest to know that he was so integral to a plan of such magnitude.

Now that he had a grasp on the what, he raced to piece together the how, if only to serve as a distraction from his nagging unease. "But—but it's still just the two of us. How are we supposed to make the Ricks listen?"

"What, you don't think I know how to be persuasive? I can see it now." Rick swept his hand in front of Mouse's view, summoning the mental image. "We'll storm in there, plasma guns blazing and reveal the Council for the scum they are! It'll be just like the Battle of Ashora!" He paused, regarding Mouse askance. "You do know how to fire an electron disintegrator, right?"

Mouse blanched at the thought of them diving headfirst into a wall of Guard Ricks. He was about to object to the outlandish plan, when he caught Rick's playful smirk in the glass's reflection. "Y-you jerk! I thought you were being serious!" He turned to shove Rick in the chest, only to end up deeply entrenched in Rick's firm embrace instead.

Rick gave a hearty laugh, the baritone sound vibrating through Mouse's smaller frame. "You really gotta get a handle on this whole 'joking' thing, Mouse. But, no, we're not going in guns blazing. I may have done some stupid shit in my life, but I'm not a complete idiot. What we're gonna do will require a little more tact than that." Rick seized Mouse's lips in a kiss before stooping and picking up the sheets of paper by Mouse's feet. As he made his way back to packing his supplies, he looked them over with an approving eye and added, "You make these?"

They were simple, little things, mostly sketchy renditions of the ships Mouse had seen through the porthole and even the occasional portraited Eun-Rick. One series of images tracked the movement of the stars over the course of several months.

"Uh, y-yes?"

"They're good," Rick said with a smile before tucking Mouse's artwork delicately into his messenger bag.

Still unaccustomed to being praised, Mouse just blushed, feeling suddenly very hot. He pressed his back against the wall as he watched Rick, enjoying the simple sight of him moving. Every action exuded confidence, a confidence that Mouse hoped he could one day embody rather than just emulate.

Planes of muscle moved like waves beneath the thin fabric of Rick's top, and Mouse swallowed. The way his fingers moved deftly over his supplies rekindled racy memories of what they'd done to him last night. Even after the first wave of ecstasy had drowned them both in a sleepy afterglow and Rick was no longer able to rouse himself to action, he still pleasured Mouse with his tongue and fingers, claiming he wanted to be an "expert" on the subject of him and him alone.

As thanks for all that Rick gave him, Mouse returned the favor by showing Rick everything he needed to know.

He shook his head free of the distracting fantasies before they could blossom into something more. "S-so what will we do with all this tack?"

"Tact, Mouse. It means being careful. And once we leave your room, we're gonna need to be very careful. You can bet half of Citadel security will be looking for you once they realize you're missing."

"S-sorry," he said on automatic.

Rick dismissed his apology with a wave of his hand. "Hey, it's not your fault you're the single most important person in this whole place." A snap of the bag's latches punctuated his words. "Anyway, you were right to point out that we can't pull this thing off by ourselves, Mouse. That's why we're gonna get my buddy in on it too."

"You mean Kyle—er, Chi?"

Giving an affirmative hum, Rick stood up and crossed the bag's strap over his chest. "He's the smartest Rick I know. And if we hope to blow the cover off this whole Council-GF thing, we're gonna need his brains and know-how to do it."

Mouse bowed his head, trying to ignore the peculiar flutter of inadequacy in his chest. He'd never heard Rick talk about someone else so fondly, and he was embarrassed to find he was jealous of this Chi person. A Rick.

"But wait a minute, Rick." Mouse worried at the hem of his shirt. "You said before that you were sending Chi a message through one of your little b-bug things, right? So why don't you just tell him all the stuff you heard about in the Resinin—Resist—the Renaissance—"

"The Resonance."

"—Resonance and let him figure out what to do? Why do we have to see him in—in person?" Mouse trusted Rick intrinsically and knew he'd never do anything to place him in danger. But the thought of meeting another Rick and having to travel through the Citadel in order to get to him was more than a little daunting.

"I said Chi was smart, not trusting. It's going to take more than my word alone to convince him that I just busted the scheme of the century through telepathy." Rick readjusted the bag on his shoulder, holding a clunky white device in his hand. He scratched awkwardly at his forehead with the back of his wrist. "H-he'll first want to see what you're capable of."

The nanos had left their posts about the room to gather in the seat of Rick's palm. Mouse automatically drew toward them, wanting to stay in their light, which was now growing dimmer as they disappeared up Rick's shirt sleeve.

Mouse crinkled his brow. "But if we have to show him how a Resonance works—"

Rick cut him off with a forced chuckle, and even Mouse could make out his blush in the low light. "Look, l-let's just cross that bridge when we come to it," he said hurriedly. "Chi won't get my message for another couple of hours, but I have a few ideas how we can spend our time in the Citadel until then." He gave Mouse a reassuring smile.

The Citadel.

Sometimes Mouse forgot that there was so much more to the space station than the few rooms he'd seen. If what his Elite clients had told him was anything to go off of, the Citadel was a massive city, home to thousands of Ricks and an equally abundant number of bars. Mouse imagined it akin to walking through a den of wolves, with Ricks constantly on the prowl to sniff him out and devour him.

"Now, let's get crackin'," Rick was saying. "You ready?" He reached out his hand for Mouse.

Ready? It wasn't a question of being ready or not. Despite whatever fears Mouse may have had, this was happening and there was nothing he could do to stop it. He'd long since passed the point of no return, that pivotal juncture going as far back as when Rick had first stepped foot in the Morty Auction. The gears had begun to shift even back then, and Mouse acutely felt the immensity of their actions growing with every beat of his heart.

"It's now or never," he said plainly.

Rick just looked at him funny before snorting, "Wow, Mouse. You watch a lotta daytime TV back home?"

"Daytime what?"

"Never mind," Rick chuckled. When Mouse took his hand, Rick immediately slotted him against his chest, arm wrapped snuggly around his middle. A blush seared Mouse's cheeks as he heard Rick's thrumming heart beneath his ear. "You'll want to stay close for this," Rick explained, giving Mouse a fleeting kiss on the lips.

He nodded jerkily, not entirely sure what he meant. But before he could ask, Rick threw open the door, aimed the white device into the hallway, and pulled the trigger. A brilliant, green vortex opened up in front of them, emitting an unearthly droning sound.

"Rick, what's—" But his next words were swallowed up as Rick took two quick strides out the door and into the spinning green.

Mouse's ears were filled with an omnipresent rumbling, like he were nestled in the pit of a giant's churning belly. A soft pull, like that of a creek's current, tugged at the hairs on his forearms, but before he could even wonder whether they were actually submerged underwater, they were free of the strange sensations and stepping out onto pavement.

Well, Rick stepped out.

Mouse was overcome with such a wave of vertigo, he would've collapsed if he weren't being held up. His legs felt like they were made of sandbags, and it was only thanks to Rick's strong hold around his waist that he didn't wind up flat on his face.

"You okay there, Mouse?" Rick's voice echoed distantly. The sound only worsened Mouse's dizziness, and he pushed his way frantically out of Rick's arms to throw himself against the nearest wall and vomit. "Okaaay. Maybe not."

"What—" Mouse belched, and more sick bubbled up his throat. "W-what the heck was that, Rick?" He pressed his fist against his mouth, willing the nausea to subside. His insides felt like they were locked in a fistfight, liver and stomach and spleen all striving to be the victor in a losing battle.

"A portal. And a shitty one at that. Remind me to sock Chi in the cojones when I see him."

Mouse heard Rick stuff something back into his bag but refused to take his eyes off the hallway floor. Wait, this wasn't the hallway. He didn't recognize this shade of gray and certainly not the array of garbage bunched up against the wall where he was currently curled over. It almost looked like they were in a—

"Hey, jackass!" A gruff voice called out from the opening of the alleyway.

Mouse heard Rick curse savagely under his breath before he looked up slowly to see a Rick, also in slacks and lab coat, glaring at them.

"You know the kid's not allowed to drink! He can't handle the stuff!"

"No one asked for your opinion, fuckface!" Rick stepped forward, subtly placing himself between Mouse and the potential threat. "Now get lost, or you'll be picking up your teeth with broken fingers!" The bite in Rick's words made Mouse's stomach burn with an unpleasant gush of adrenaline, and for a moment he didn't recognize his Rick.

"You better watch your mouth, buddy! I could have your Scruffy assigned to me while you're carted off to the morgue!" the stranger Rick volleyed back.

"Not on your life!"

"Rick, please!" Mouse wheezed. The petty bantering was making his head spin, and it already took everything he had to keep from getting sick again.

His plea seemed to do the trick, because Rick shot one last glare at the rude passerby before crouching by his side. He rubbed Mouse's back gently, allaying his nausea with soothing words, while Mouse concentrated on simply breathing. At least the floor had stopped tipping wildly and his stomach was finally settling.

"Learn to take better care of your team, asshole, before I call MPS on you!" the Rick announced. "Now, c'mon, Morty. Let's go."

Morty?

Mouse looked up blearily as the Rick started making his exit, dragging a little boy behind him. A little boy who looked just like him.

Mouse blinked. His nausea dissipated like a fog in sunlight, and he straightened immediately, his eyes locked on the Morty's. Time seemed to slow to a halt as the boy turned to face him and the two stared at each other, the very air between them crackling with unseen energy. The soothing tone of Rick's voice beside him fell away, as Mouse focused all his attention on the Morty who was speaking to him.

You're finally here, Messiah.

I-I didn't know anyone was expecting me. And my name's not Messiah. It's Mouse.

Mouse. Messiah. Savior. The One True Morty. You go by many names.

But you're also Morty, right?

The Morty giggled in his voiceless way, then answered, We are all children of The One. And we have all been waiting for you.

"Move it, Morty! Jeezus, get your damn head out of the clouds!" the stranger Rick barked suddenly, yanking his Morty along and effectively snapping Mouse out of his daze. "Swear to god, such a pain in my ass, no good..." the grumbling faded as the pair disappeared down one branch of the alleyway.

"Good riddance," Rick muttered. Turning to Mouse, he said gently, "Hey, Mouse. You feeling any bett—"

"Rick!" Mouse whipped around to face Rick, his eyes wide. He gripped his lapels as he sputtered, "D-d-did you see him? It was a-a-a-a—it was me! But not me! But sorta like me! A little boy! Not a Rick!"

Wrapping his fingers around Mouse's wrists, Rick eased his hands down. "Uh, yeah. That was just a Morty. The Citadel's full of them." He stopped to cock his head, eyeing Mouse carefully. "Wait a minute. Have you never—is this seriously the first time you've met one?"

"You mean there's more of them? And are they all like that Morty?" Mouse chirped, his lingering reservations about the Citadel fading rapidly. Rick was still looking at him funny as Mouse trotted to the end of the alleyway. It opened up to the back of a tall building, so he peered eagerly down each side in search of the Morty. "I mean, didn't you hear all the stuff he said? It's like he knew me!"

"What are you talking about, Mouse? He just gawked at you for a second before his asshole Rick took him away."

"And he called me these strange names. A messy—messy something."

"Well, can you blame him? We really ought to get that hair of yours dealt with—" Rick started, but Mouse was already making his way around the exterior of the building. "M-Mouse, wait up!"

"I mean it, Rick. It was...like..." Mouse froze as he rounded the building's corner—and came face to face with the Citadel's main atrium, in all its magnificent glory.

The sheer size of the space made Mouse feel suddenly overwhelmed and out of place, and he instantly cowered at the sight of the massive buildings of gold walls and blue glass that stretched high into the air. Airborne traffic crisscrossed overhead, the blare of the vehicles' horns diminishing to a hum in the distance. They winked out of sight behind skyscrapers and billboards. On nearly every surface, an animated advertisement played, boasting business names or slogans like Portal Gun Pro and Just Rick It. Announcers competed for their customers' patronage, belting over the airwaves about happy hour specials, while a feminine voice recited a mantra of "peace, protection, and prosperity."

But beneath the drone of Rick activity, what drew Mouse's eyes like a beacon were the scores of Mortys before him.

Gangly and small, hulking and buff, the Mortys fell across the breadth of the familiar and alien spectrum; some sported jangling chains, frilly collars, extra arms, or no arms at all. Some even looked like it'd be a stretch to call them a "Morty," and yet there was something that inexplicably bound them together. Mouse felt an instant kinship with them.

Distantly, he thought back to what the Ricks had told him, about the many "copies" of himself found within the Citadel. It'd sounded impossible back then and was still just as ridiculous now. How could anyone possibly mistake one Morty for another? In Mouse's eyes, they were as different as chocolate chip was to strawberry or as cookie dough was to butter pecan.

In lines of one or two or three or more, they wove like snakes through the crowds, always with a Rick at the head. To have gone so long within the Citadel and never seen a Morty seemed impossible to Mouse now, with how the streets and shops were full of them. Their mops of curls peppered the scene, while their trill voices laced the air beneath the cacophonous announcers. They spoke in stutters and warbles, whistles and nervous laughs. The sounds were oddly melodic to Mouse, and his own vocal chords quivered, trying to call back their song.

But he had forgotten the tune.

Mouse took a tentative step forward, drawn toward the company of his brethren. However, before he could get swept away in the current of bodies, he felt Rick's gentle hand on his shoulder.

"Welcome to the Citadel, Mouse."

...

"Oh, baby bird, where in the 7 Sigmas did you get your hair done?" the barber clucked. He planted one hand on his sassy hip and grimaced, not even trying to hide his displeasure. Pulling one long tuft of hair from the center of Mouse's head, he pouted, "It's a tragedy!"

Mouse squirmed in his seat. He didn't particularly enjoy the feeling of the barber gown tugging against his throat, but he still couldn't help turning to gaze out the barbershop's window at the parade of Mortys passing outside. One such Morty, sporting a V-neck shirt, had stopped and now had his face pressed against the glass, staring at him intensely.

The barber swiveled Mouse's chair with a swift kick of his heeled boot to make him face the mirror again. Rick tsked from where he was seated in the empty waiting area but held his tongue. That's right. Mouse had to navigate this on his own. He cowed his awe into order and minded the hairstylist who was still lamenting over the state of his hair.

The moment he and Rick had stepped out into the Citadel atrium, he was begging Rick to let them linger, for even just a minute, so that he could ogle the myriad Mortys. But Rick couldn't be persuaded. They were on the run, Rick had to remind him. The sub-level 10 Guards would inevitably notice Mouse's absence, and Rick wanted to reach Chi before they caught on.

The only pit stop they made along the way was to this unassuming barbershop.

"I-I don't need, uh, anything fancy," Mouse said to the barber, parroting what Rick had told him before. "J-just take a little off the sides, m-maybe? And, uh, even the whole thing out?"

Barber Rick carded his fingers through Mouse's ravaged hair, rolling his eyes. "Well, you're not giving me much to work with here. But they don't say I have 'Ricked skillz' for nothing. Don't worry, chickadee, I'll have you fixed up in no time." The barber clapped his palms against Mouse's cheeks and turned him stubbornly forward once more. His gaze had wandered again to the bustling Citadel atrium outside and the two Mortys that were now plastered to the window, their palms tapping against the glass. "If you'll just stop fidgeting," he added with some exasperation.

Mouse nodded obediently. While he let the man ready his tools, he peeked about the shop through the mirror. The four other styling stations were empty next to Mouse, clumps of brown and gray hair still littering the floor and swept into tumbleweeds in the corners. A deep crack ran through the mirror as it hung askew.

Despite the sad state of the barbershop, however, Barber Rick seemed to take great pride in his work. He lay a set of customized salon tools, each engraved with a monogram of RS, on a leopard-print velvet cloth on the counter. Mouse jumped a little when the barber took out the electric razor, but he reassured himself that he meant him no harm.

His concerns were entirely laid to rest once the old barber began the process of washing his hair. He lowered a bulbous clear dome from the ceiling and positioned it over Mouse's head to his hairline. It filled with warm water, enveloping Mouse's scalp in a pleasant bath of swirling water.

Barber Rick was gentle as he slipped his hands beneath the dome to lather his hair with shampoo followed by the deep conditioning, and Mouse allowed himself to enjoy the scalp massage. He hadn't had the opportunity for a thorough wash since the day prior, and he was grateful to have the sweat from his rigors spent in bed washed out of his hair. If Barber Rick noticed the pungent musk on him, he was too polite to say anything about it, though Mouse wondered if he applied just a touch too much strawberry scent in an attempt to hide it.

At least it's not lavender.

It was strange to think that he'd never again be washed by Mama Eun-Rick or see the winner's suite, for that matter. For the first time since he and Rick had left his room, Mouse felt the impact of that fact settle in fully. He was free from the auctions and would never have to answer to another master Rick again. Things could only get better from here on out, and the exhilaration of that reality made his heart thump.

"Well, if you aren't just the cheeriest Scruffy Morty I've ever seen," Barber Rick suddenly piped up. "What's got you so happy, dove?"

Mouse popped his eyes open, not realizing that he'd been smiling so widely. "Oh! Uh, just, uh—" he peeked to the side, trying to catch Rick's attention. Although he liked Barber Rick, holding a conversation with a Rick was still new territory for him.

"The Citadel, huh?" The barber mistook Mouse's glance as being directed toward the bustling Citadel outside the window behind Rick. Mouse noticed with some curiosity that a crowd of five Mortys was peering intently at him, the press of their bodies and hands causing the glass to reverberate lightly. Their Ricks were nearby, scolding them halfheartedly while they chugged from their flasks. "This your first time here, gosling?"

"No," Mouse said at first. "I-I mean, yes! I've never really, uh, seen it before."

"Yeah, it's something else. This place is a real who's who of who's you 'n me, eh?" he joshed, bumping Mouse's arm with his elbow. Mouse grinned weakly in reply, only vaguely understanding the nonsensical catchphrase which he'd heard being played from campy advertisements throughout the atrium.

The wash complete, Barber Rick drained out the sudsy water from the dome before setting about cutting his hair. "Now that you're nice and clean, pigeon, I think I can salvage this wreck," he purred. For all his flair, the barber was actually very considerate with his approach, never pulling too hard and making sure to work out any knots before running the comb through the damp locks. He stood the short tufts up between his two fingers before snipping at the ends.

Despite being a Rick, Barber Rick was actually very gentle. He was also, it turned out, very talkative. "Sooo what dimension you from?"

Rick had warned Mouse he would get this question, so he came prepared with an answer.

"P..."

"P? Is that it?" Barber Rick snorted a laugh.

"Um, um," Mouse stalled. How could I already forget?! Mouse looked about for inspiration, temporarily alarmed that now eight Mortys were clamoring at the window, their small palms rattling the glass in its frame as they pushed on it. Rick seemed unfazed or just unaware of the gathering outside as he idly flipped through an animated magazine. When Mouse saw his inverted face in the mirror's reflection, he remembered. Oh, right!

"P-082."

The barber nodded like he knew the dimension well, but Mouse suspected he would have done the same no matter what letter-number combination he gave. "And what brings you to the Citadel? Your Rick is either a lousy shot or one heck of a persuasive Morty wrangler." He pinched Mouse's left ear gently between two fingers and wiggled it, by way of example.

No Manipulator Chip.

He and Rick had considered the possibility of getting one just to solidify his disguise—the Guards wouldn't be looking for a chipped Morty—but it was Rick who rejected the idea first, instead opting to spruce up Mouse's hair to make him harder to recognize. No doubt Scruffys and other Mortys with bedraggled looks would be especially scrutinized.

Barber Rick was still talking. "Yeah. My guess is that your Rick treats you nice. You two get along pretty well?"

Finally, a question Mouse was glad to answer. "Y-yeah. We do."

"Well, that's a pretty special relationship you've got there, cherub. Not too many Mortys could say the same." Snip, snip. "Sure he doesn't ride your ass all the time?"

The sudden memory of Rick draped over him, cock driving into him from behind, his strong hand gripping his buttocks sent a blush of arousal to his cheeks. "Well, he just started. But I-I really hope he does it more," Mouse mumbled.

"Uh-huh," Barber Rick quirked a brow. "Sounds like you actually like taking it rough."

Rick's thighs slapping against his bottom, his cock battering him deep inside. It was true. He'd begged Rick for more and more still, even after Rick had spent himself to the point of collapse. He had laid Mouse open in ways he didn't know were possible, able to lure him over the edge again and again.

The images were flooding his mind, already making Mouse's groin tingle with want. If this kept up much longer—

"Your Rick ever consider entering you in the Morty Games?"

Mouse visibly paled, abruptly ripped away from his titillating fantasies. "Th-th-the Morty what?"

"Hey! Knock it off out there!" the barber barked to the storefront, as now well over a dozen Mortys were smacking their hands on the window. "Lousy kids," he muttered, before returning to the conversation. "The Morty Games," he said, swapping his scissors for the electric clippers that hummed like a wasp in his hand, creating an unnerving discord with the ruckus out front. He started at his nape, shaving down the leftover hair to an even crop across the sides of Mouse's scalp. "It's tough enough getting through the first two rounds of opponents, so Ricks are always looking for hardy Mortys to take up the cause."

"Opponents? So it's—"

"Yup. You'll find the toughest Mortys in the Citadel at the Morty Games. But, luckily, we have the good Surgeon Rick on hand to patch up the poor suckers. The Games can take a lot out of a Morty, wearing down even the strongest of them."

"Y-you mean, they're getting hurt during these 'games'?" Mouse's stomach lurched at the idea. Mortys were hurting. They were suffering, just like he had, and all for entertainment? Had Ricks taken cues from Mouse's abilities, hoping that other Mortys could also trigger Epiphanies? The irony that his fate would befall his brethren was to the point of revolting. "W-why would Ricks do that?"

"Why not? It's like dog fighting on steroids! Violence, gambling. What's not to love?"

Across the small barbershop, the rattling of the glass grew louder, so Mouse raised his voice to be heard over it. "A-a-and how do the—the Mortys feel about all this?"

Barber Rick paused where he was cleaning up the hair on Mouse's temples to scoff. "What should it matter what a Morty thinks? N-no offense, duckling, but, well, your kind aren't exactly known for being independent thinkers. You do what your Rick says, and that's that."

Mouse stared numbly at the barber, his mouth going dry. For a moment, he could've sworn it was Mama Eun-Rick speaking right beside him.

He is your master, and you are to do whatever he says!

Mouse had always thought it was Mama's strict disciplining that had made him obey Ricks so readily. It wasn't some natural instinct, was it? After all, now that he was free of his captors, he vowed he'd never again bend to another Rick's will.

In the corner of his mind, however, doubt scratched away at his resolve. What about just earlier that night? All he'd wanted to do was flee the Citadel, and yet at Rick's urging, he'd agreed to stay with hardly any resistance. At the time, Mouse had convinced himself that his submission stemmed from a belief that he was Rick's partner, but he now wondered if he was still playing the role of the pet.

Mouse's tongue bumbled around his next question. "A-are all Mortys really like this?"

"Oh, you bet, penguin! You'll be hard-pressed to find a Morty who acts out. Any self-respecting Rick won't think twice about putting his Morty in his place. Besides, it's always easy enough to find a replacement." He shot an apologetic look in the mirror at Mouse. "It's just the nature of things. You understand, right?"

Suddenly, the soft caress of Barber Rick's fingers along his scalp felt like thorns. It was disturbing that he could hold such a callous opinion of Mortys and still act so cordially toward him. With a sick sense of dread, Mouse realized that his friendly demeanor was just a facade, and that beneath the surface lay a predator.

Barber Rick ran the electric clipper behind Mouse's ears, getting at the last stray outgrowth. "Just about finished here," he said, tongue between his teeth.

But the buzzing from the clippers and the swarm of Mortys outside was incessant now, scattering Mouse's thoughts beyond repair. Finally, he turned sharply to Barber Rick and started to protest, "But my Rick would never—" The edge of the trimmer bit into the soft flesh behind his ear, and he winced at the small burst of pain. "Ow!"

At the front of the shop, the rattling abruptly stopped as the throng of Mortys went still. They stood and stared while their fed-up Ricks tried to tug them away with little success.

Barber Rick tsked again. "Sorry about that, owlet. Let me—" But he froze, arm still suspended and eyes glazing over, as an Epiphany shivered through his brain.

"S-sorry!" Mouse yelped, staring wide-eyed at him.

"Kid," Barber Rick said slowly. "Y-you're—"

Before he could get another word out, however, Rick was there at Mouse's side. "Wow! A-amazing job!" he announced, clapping his hands loudly to draw Barber Rick's attention. "Really great stuff! S-super tight!" In a flurry, he whisked off Mouse's gown, yanked him out of the seat, and corralled him toward the exit. "Thanks again!" Smacking his SECURIGRID card against the register to cover the costs, he gave a final grin over his shoulder and nudged Mouse out the door.

The Mortys, now boasting over 20 strong, gave a unified cry as they reached for Mouse, but Rick swiftly passed them, and they were soon running down the promenade and away from the mob. They left in their wake a chorus of shattering glass and shouting Ricks trying to get their Mortys back in order.

...

"Aw, c'mon, Mouse. Cheer up!" Rick ran his fingers through Mouse's hair again as they walked. They'd had a fairly uneventful trek since leaving the barbershop, but Mouse was no less glum, despite Rick's attempts to lighten the mood.

"Rick!" Mouse whined. "Knock it off already!" He swatted at Rick's hand. "Are you really gonna keep doing this all the way to the—to where Chi is?"

"Well, CentRick Park isn't too much farther. And I can't help it," Rick said, tousling his locks again and making the short strip of hair flop to one side then the other. Brown fuzz hugged Mouse's head, topped with a modest mohawk running down the middle that bounced with every step Mouse took. "You're too freakin' cute notto tease."

Mouse stumbled mid-step. "C-cute?" He threw a dejected look to the floor. "Can't you call me something, I dunno, c-cooler?"

"What, would you prefer 'dove' or 'gosling'?" Rick bit his tongue between his teeth when Mouse's face glowed red.

"Aw, man! You mean, you heard him?"

Rick looped an arm around Mouse, tucking him into his chest. Mouse's legs nearly tangled in Rick's own, but he stopped before either of them could stumble. "Of course I heard. You think I'd let some Rick put his hands on you without watchin' you two realclose?" He chuckled, trapping Mouse in a noogie.

Instead of fighting him, though, Mouse sagged in his hold, resting his head against Rick's ribs. When he spoke, his voice was small. "Then you must've heard the other s-stuff he said too, huh, Rick?" The wavering of his voice conveyed just how much the barber's words had affected him. When Rick had tallied the potential risks that came with traversing the Citadel, loudmouths weren't one of them.

"Y-yeah. I heard enough." He squeezed Mouse tighter, hoping in vain that it would be enough to assuage Mouse's worries. The way Mouse had remained reticent and listless after the barbershop debacle made Rick feel like he were miles away, even though he was right there by his side. Before he could go on, however, Mouse spoke again.

"Rick, do you think I—am I only going along with you because y-you're a Rick and I'm...a Morty?"

"Mouse?"

"That Rick, the barber, he said Mortys have to do what their Ricks tell them." His eyes tracked a nearby Rick who was trundling his Morty behind him like a rag doll in a toddler's grip. The Morty only gave an aspirated whine but followed along obediently. As they passed, the Morty caught Mouse's gaze, and the two shared that same stare that had transfixed Mouse earlier. After another quiet moment, he added softly, "They really are just like me."

"Mouse, that's not how it is between you and me. Trust me, I'm not interested in having some mindless drone like the rest of these yuppies." He knelt to look Mouse in the eye, finally drawing his attention away from the Morty. "I don't want a yes-man, Mouse. If you're for something, I want you to mean it. If you don't want something, you let me know. You're your own person, Mouse, and I want you for you."

The speech flowed from Rick more easily than he could have ever expected, and he took a moment to commend himself.

Mouse nodded jerkily. "Rick." His face only further screwed up in worry, however, rather than relief. "B-but the other Mortys, they d-don't get to have this."

"Don't get to have what?"

"Say what they want or how they want it. They don't even get to have who they want." A sudden passion underscored Mouse's words, and in the next moment, he'd closed his eyes and pursed his lips in anticipation of a kiss.

Even from a distance, the rag doll Morty was keening in a high-pitched tone and struggling to wrest himself from his Rick's grasp to throw himself in their direction. Like a ripple effect, nearby Mortys began following suit. The behavior was peculiar but really not altogether different from the other Mortys they'd encountered in the Citadel. They seemed unnaturally drawn to Mouse, pulling away from their masters to practically hurl themselves at him like overzealous pups, only to be stopped short by a stern hand or sterner leash.

The Mortys' outbursts were beginning to draw unsavory attention. One particularly bothered Rick gave them a death glare before snapping up his communicator. Rick didn't know if he was calling for security or not, but he didn't want to wait around to find out.

Faint Resonances lapped at Rick's mind for his attention, and he clapped a hand over Mouse's mouth to quell them. "B-babe, we can't do that here. 'Cuz of the whole, y'know..."

Thankfully, Mouse seemed to misinterpret his reservations, because he looked away bashfully and said, "R-right. The Resonances. Sorry."

Rick gave a strained smile. "S'okay. Listen. We can talk about it more later, all right? We'll get to Chi first, and maybe you can talk to some Mortys there, see what they have to say." He ruffled Mouse's mohawk one last time before standing.

"Thanks, Rick." Mouse visibly brightened, and he cheerfully took his hand.

Minutes later, they'd reached the main entrance to CentRick Park. A pair of larger-than-life Rick statues, complete with idolizing Mortys, framed the grand gateway. Their empty eyes seemed to follow their movements as they passed between, and Rick waited until they were a good distance away before taking his hand off of Mouse's back.

After some silence, Mouse suddenly piped up, "S-so does Chi, uh, know about me?"

Rick laughed awkwardly, looking away as he answered vaguely. "Babe, e-every Rick in the Citadel knows about you."

"Rick."

Shit, I guess this had to come out sooner or later.

Rick sighed, raking his fingers through his hair. "Okay. Yeah, yes. He knows about you, Mouse. B-better than you might think." When Mouse didn't push the point, Rick found he took the initiative himself. "Y-you know when I said that I was supposed to, y'know, take you out?" He mumbled the last words when a pack of Mortys led by a pompous Rick came too near. At Mouse's confused expression, he clarified, "Kill you."

"Oh," Mouse said quietly.

"Well, that was his idea."

Mouse's jaw fell open. "Wait. What?!" he squeaked, his eyes darting about, as though Chi might be crouching behind the bushes, just waiting to pounce.

"But d-don't worry. I talked with him and made it clear it wasn't going to happen."

"A-are you sure this is a good idea?"

"Too late to get cold feet now, Mouse. You're about to meet him."

At that exact moment, Rick spied Chi sitting alone on a bench alongside the park's many footpaths. A spent cigarette was lodged between his lips, and even at this distance, Rick couldn't miss the tension radiating from Chi's form. His back was stiffly bent at the waist, his foot jiggling nervously on the coarse gravel like he was ready to bolt at a moment's notice.

Behind his glasses, his eyes were so busy scanning his surroundings that Rick was almost on top of Chi before he even glanced up at him. Chi would've missed him entirely—his disguise did a fine job of making him utterly forgettable—if not for the slight color deviation in Rick's right eye that Chi noticed immediately.

"Shit on a Rick!" he startled. Then, looking around more quietly, he hissed. "280, what the fuck are you still doing here? You should be three mega-clicks from Gizzepp by now! Christ, man, you know I don't have clearance to the upper levels. I'm risking my goddamn neck being out here, but when I got your transmission, I thought—" Chi stopped, suddenly turning his attention to Mouse who was standing beside him.

"Chi," Rick said, placing his hand on Mouse's back and gently guiding him forward. "This is the—the Morty I was telling you about."

Earlier, Rick had given Mouse some prompts on how to make the introduction go smoothly, clever one-liners that would help Chi see the validity of his claims. But Mouse couldn't even look Chi in the face. His eyes were fixed on the ground, feet fidgeting.

Chi remained seated as he looked Mouse over with a chillingly analytical gaze. "Mouse, huh?" His voice came out even gruffer than usual, and Mouse shrunk back until he was standing on Rick's loafers. "Cute." Unimpressed, Chi's eyes narrowed. "You do realize you've risked your fucking life and mine for this kid, right? And for what?" He glanced coldly between them, the corner of his lip curling. "He that good a lay?"

Rick's pulse hitched at the perceptive accusation. Chi could always read him like a book.

While Mouse flushed red, Rick growled a warning. He knew it was dangerous territory to challenge his curmudgeon of a mentor, but pride coaxed his tongue to move before he could stop it. "Watch it, Chi. This 'kid' is the key to changing everything. So drop the attitude."

Chi snorted. "Wow, 280. Sounds like he's really got you wrapped around his little finger."

Schooling his rising temper, Rick said slowly, "Listen. We've got something big here, but if you can't leave your personal hang-ups at the door—"

"I'm not the one acting out of line here," Chi snapped. He stood and paced sharply, his cigarette waggling as he spoke. "You were supposed to get the fuck out of Dodge and lay low on Denira 5 until I contacted you again. Now—"

Rick tucked Mouse behind him again as he stepped forward to block Chi's frantic pacing. "You should be glad I stayed. We could've left you with your thumb up your ass, serving Biziwog burgers until the cows came home. But we have a real plan now, Chi. You just have to hear us out."

"Fine." He shook his open palms in mock amazement. "So he's the almighty telepathic Morty, come to bring us out of the Dark Ages." He gave an incredulous sneer. "You really oughta tone down the theatrics, Rick. Your message played like a cheap tabloid headline."

Great. He's really in one of his moods.

When Chi was cooperative, he could pull a Quadratic Prismane out of thin air; when he was pissed off, he was downright vicious. At times like this, it was easier to wait out the storm rather than try to counter Chi's scathing rants.

With an exasperated sigh, Rick slouched down onto the bench, gesturing for Mouse to join him. He spread his arms over the back rail and raised a brow at Chi coolly as he continued his pacing. Once his mentor had finally run out of steam, he asked, "Are we done yet? We don't have all day, you know."

Before replying, Chi crossed his arms moodily and glared down at Mouse. "I said I believed you when you said we had a possible mind-reading Morty on our hands. Possible. I'm gonna need to see some proof. Plenty of mentalists can master cold-reading at a young age."

"Trust me, Chi. This isn't some cheap magic trick."

"Then let's see it."

Rick was ready for this. Without another word, he got up and rounded the bench, placing his hands softly on Mouse's shoulders. Bending low, he whispered, "Okay, Mouse. Let's show him what you can do."

"B-but how?" Mouse leaned his head back and looked up at Rick pleadingly.

It was like the kid could see the guilt already beginning to jeer at him. Rick quickly shook it off, reassuring himself that he wouldn't take it too far.

"First you need to relax. Can you do that for me?" Rick gave him a firm squeeze. Mouse nodded, and he continued, "Close your eyes, Mouse, and just listen."

A line of worry creased Mouse's brow. Not caring who was around, Rick smiled and kissed Mouse's forehead, smoothing the crease away and making Mouse sigh. With obvious reluctance, Mouse eventually bowed his head, revealing the vulnerable skin of his nape in the process. The act was not only practical but symbolic, Mouse having already given himself over to him completely.

Rick flicked a knowing glance at Chi, the intensity in his eyes relaying the message: Don't you say a fucking word.

Dipping his head so that his breath tickled Mouse's ear, Rick began slowly. "You've been so brave, Mouse, you know that? To agree to come out here to the Citadel, even with all these Ricks around. And you've never once said that you were afraid. You're always—you keep surprising me, kid." The corner of Mouse's lips curled into a grin, his brow lifting with intrigue.

That's it.

Rick heard Chi step closer, his curiosity superseding his pride. Knowing that he had his mentor's attention, he continued.

"You're more amazing than you give yourself credit for. You've survived so much. And even after everything you've been through, you still took in a tired, old Rick like me." The first flurry of a Resonance fluttered like excited wings in Rick's mind, and he leaned closer to set it free. "It's like I told you before, you're going to do incredible things, Mouse. Someday, everyone's going to know about you." The Resonance beat stronger now, incited by Rick's gentle coaxing. "But no one will ever know you the way I do." He slipped one hand to cup Mouse's jawline. Goosebumps rose at his touch, and Rick was certain he heard Mouse gasp.

Like a rapidly unfurling net, he felt his mind begin to trace the many threads around him, radiating out from his center in all directions. He nudged Mouse a little further.

"You should've seen the way you looked last night. Like you belonged on my cock. That's how I always want to see you," he rumbled, feeling Mouse begin to loll his head. He whispered low, wanting only Mouse to hear his stream of dirty talk. "I can't stop thinking about the way you felt around me, Mouse. God, I wish I could take you right now. Would you like that? You want me inside you right now? Patience," he breathed hot along his earlobe. "Trust me, the next time we're alone together, I'm gonna make you forget your own name."

A small whimper from Mouse backdropped Rick's praise, the front of his jeans tenting with blatant desire.

Rick straightened swiftly, his fingers never letting up their sensual massage along the sides of Mouse's neck and head. He scanned the immediate area before he found his target: a wobbly kneed Rick leaning heavily against a stone plinth.

"There. That guy," Rick said, directing Chi to follow his gaze. "He's about to hurl."

As if on cue, the Rick curled over and vomited, the green, bile-slicked mess sliding down the side of the white marble.

Chi only sniffed. "Hot reading. Please, the guy was giving off signals left and right."

Rick scowled at his cavalier dismissal. "Fine," he muttered, already following another thread. This time, he felt two that intersected abruptly, and realized it was a pair of Ricks sitting on the bench across from them. They weren't even looking at one another, each absorbed in his own paper, yet according to the Resonance—"Right over there! A drug trade in 3...2..."

Again, Rick's reading was right. As Chi looked on, one of the Ricks placed an innocuous bundle on the bench beside him while the other did the same with a tightly rolled wad of bills. They seamlessly picked up the other's goods, stood, and parted ways.

"All right. I'll admit it, that one took a little more legwork." Spitting out the old cigarette, Chi bumped a new one out of his pack and nestled it between his lips. He lit it, took a puff, and looked away. "Cute but not good enough. The kid could have access to the Citadel's security system, could've gotten a profile on the junkies—or on us, for that matter." The distrust was plain on his face. "C'mon, 280. Show me something no one would know." His gaze held both a challenge and an invitation.

And Rick knew he had to answer it.

"Chi," he gritted out, his throat already tight. He'd hoped it wouldn't come to this, but Chi was asking him to take the plunge. Before he could lose his nerve, Rick gave another murmured stream of praise and a well-placed caress over Mouse's heated cheek and slipped into Chi's thoughts like a diver beneath the waves.

His head nearly bowed beneath the weight of Chi's consciousness, it was so packed with raw data. Tightly interwoven formulas and algorithms at varying stages of completion cluttered every nook and cranny. In the archives of Chi's mind, Rick found brilliant discourses on subjects that far exceeded even his own intellect. He was enthralled by the range of information to be found, and he thought fondly that he could spend a lifetime reading through Chi's thoughts and never grow bored.

That changed when he noticed a stray glint of something more sobering beneath the ostentatious exterior. Stripping away one corner of a theorem on the lonely runner conjecture, Rick reached into the deeper layers of Chi's innermost thoughts.

There, he came upon a deep-seated malaise that moiled sullenly in the darkness. It sang a threnody of loss and heartache that made Rick's curiosity bleed away into pity. He'd always suspected—always known that deep down, for all Chi's genius, his achievements, and his passionate cause, he still felt utterly alone.

But at the heart of that darkness sat a glowing pearl.

Its nacre surface was alive with memories, the ghostly images overlapping. Inside each of them, Rick saw himself and Chi, back when they were younger and wilder. They'd been inseparable, Rick happily following his mentor through whatever cockamamie stunt Chi had thought up. Chi's affection for Rick colored every memory until Rick himself was half-convinced they had been lovers; hidden caresses and stolen kisses told Rick that perhaps Chi hadn't been as far gone on those drunken nights as he'd thought.

Even as the sting of unrequited love bit into him like the barbs of a sea anemone, Rick plucked a memory from the collage. He turned his eyes to Chi. "That night on Interra."

At those four words, Chi immediately snapped to attention. Rick slid his hand away from Mouse to walk slowly around the bench toward him.

"You'd called me out there, said you wanted to celebrate my latest con against the Alarum Gang. You never showed, though, and when I finally got in touch with you, you brushed the whole thing off. Said you'd had a nasty Viknar hangover." He stopped just in front of Chi. "But that wasn't the real reason, was it."

Chi removed his cigarette with trembling fingers, the look in his eyes daring Rick to go on.

"The Alarums had caught on to me. They were out for blood that night, my blood. That's why you sent me to that bar, to keep me out of it while you dealt with them on your own." He paused, pressing his lips together. "There were so many of them—Jesus, Chi. You almost lost your life that night."

And you never even told me.

Chi's cigarette fell forgotten to the ground as he stared at Rick in shock. "I'll be damned," he breathed.

But Rick had already turned back to the bench where Mouse was still seated, head bowed and shaking. He cupped Mouse's cheek and bent low to whisper, "I'm sorry, Mouse. But we had to do it. H-he wouldn't have believed us otherwise."

"Rick—" Mouse's hands were clenched into fists on his lap.

Kneeling beside him, Rick took Mouse's hands in his, easing his fingers open. He silently remarked how easily his gnarled hands swallowed up Mouse's. "Shh. I know, Mouse. That wasn't fair of me, but I promise I'll make it up to you. I swear."

God, he felt like such an asswipe. He'd promised himself that he would never stoop to using Mouse like this, and here he'd gone and played him like a puppet to put on a show. This wasn't how he ever wanted it to be, and he prayed this would be the first and last time. Worst of all, Mouse was uncomfortably aroused, and he couldn't even do a damn thing about it.

The best he could do for now was get his mind off it.

"H-hey, Mouse. Listen. I'm going to talk with Chi some more, s-so why don't you go and cool yourself down, hm?" He gestured with his chin to a nearby park restroom. It was a squat, box-like thing with signs demarcating Ricks and Mortys on opposite walls. "Y-you'll feel better."

Mouse only nodded shakily before sliding off the bench on wobbly legs and teetering in the direction of the restroom.

Rick watched Mouse make slow progress past a team of chipped Mortys idling on the grass while their Rick was passed out on a nearby bench. The Mortys immediately perked up when they caught sight of Mouse and were quick to intercept him with beaming smiles and outstretched arms. From what Rick could see, it looked like Mouse reciprocated in kind.

Just behind him, Chi mumbled again, "This can't seriously be happening." When Rick didn't respond, Chi clasped him by the shoulder to spin him around roughly. He pointed at Mouse who was now being swallowed into the fold of his duplicates. "280, that Morty is really—he can actually—" He paused to pull at tufts of his own hair. "Do you have any idea what we've got here?"

Rick wasn't so quick to share Chi's enthusiasm. "Glad you finally believe me."

"Shit, 280, if I knew what that Morty was capable of, I would've gone in there to steal him myself! He's every scientist's dream," he said wistfully. "Telepathy."

Chi's grin was wide as he looked to Mouse and the diverse selection of Mortys that surrounded him. They appeared to be engaged in some kind of animated exchange though their lips didn't move. "I'd keep him close if I were you, 280. If that Morty fell into the wrong hands—"

"His name's Mouse, Chi. Jesus Christ. And he's not some fucking tool. He's a person," Rick seethed, guilt still souring his mood.

"Sure. And I didn't just watch you play him like a goddamn instrument."

Rick scowled at the low blow.

"Just calling it like I see it." It was the closest thing Rick would probably get to an apology from his mentor. "But let's be honest, it's not exactly the most prudish way to trigger mind-reading."

Rick reared on him, barely keeping from bashing Chi's nose in. "I didn't want to do that!" he roared. "And I wouldn't have had to if you weren't so fucking stubborn!"

"Watch the tone," Chi said, his expression darkening. "Let's not forget you're the one who brought him here. Shit, considering what the kid can do, you know the Council won't rest until they've gotten back their pet. Sooner or later, the whole damn Citadel will be looking for him. They might even be right now." He flicked his eyes at a trio of Guard Ricks patrolling the area farther down the footpath. "So it'd be smart to keep your voice down."

Grinding his teeth, Rick finally relented, turning his back on Chi to glare across the park. "You think I don't know that? So can we get to the point already? We've wasted enough time."

Chi sighed and flopped down on the bench, one ankle crossed over his knee. "All right, 280. You said before you found something bigthrough that telepathy—"

"Resonance."

"Resonance. Whatever. Well, congratulations. I'm all fuckin' ears."

The congregation of Mortys had apparently attracted new members, their number surpassing a dozen, as they sat on the grass around Mouse like dedicated disciples. At least they're behaving themselves, Rick thought distantly. After waiting a beat, Rick finally turned and sat down next to Chi.

"If I hadn't shown you that the Resonances are real, you'd probably say I'm crazy," Rick started, his elbows on his knees, fingers laced. "But you were right, Chi. Something big's happening, way bigger than us."

"Well, don't keep me in suspense, 280. Spit it out."

Rick took a breath. Now that he finally had an audience for the truth that had been clamoring in his head, he found it difficult to begin. "The war—the war against the GF was a success, Chi. But it ended years ago." He raised a hand before Chi could interrupt. "And the way they're fighting now is bogus. On the surface it may look the same—Ricks go into battle, fight, die. Same. Only catch is, the Council's the one calling the shots. Don't ask me how they're doing it, but they are. They're running the GF, and they're keeping everyone in the fucking dark about it."

He stopped to breathe, realizing that his heart was pounding a mile a minute.

"The Council. Running the GF."

Pinching his nasion in anticipation of the encroaching shouting match, Rick grumbled, "I know how it sounds."

"Go on."

Rick blinked rapidly at him. "Chi?"

"Go on," he repeated. "What else did you learn?"

"Oh, uh," Rick stammered. "Seems they've been operating like this for some years now. Can't say for certain. But they've got their system down tight. Chains of command, regular correspondence, even quotas."

"Quotas?"

"The Code Yellows." Rick's voice was hollow as he said it. "They're not random arrests. The Council's been selling out Ricks to the GF to keep up the facade. It's all been fucking staged."

"Well, at least they're thorough. I'll give 'em that." Chi was trying to sound blasé about it, but Rick could see his knee was bouncing, agitated.

"Thorough. Right," Rick echoed bitterly. The unsettling truth he'd been trying to deny over the past few hours finally reared its head: that his own arrest had just been the byproduct of the Council's twisted lottery.

Out of the corner of his eye, Rick caught Chi looking at him strangely. "W-what?"

"I'm impressed, 280. You're really serious about this."

Rick sputtered over his tongue, "O-of course I am."

"You doing it for him?"

"What?" When Chi only nodded to Mouse who was gesticulating enthusiastically to his spellbound audience, Rick felt his cheeks redden.

"Can't imagine you'd be doing it for our brothers," Chi said, regarding him with newfound interest. "So where's this sudden streak of Rick advocacy coming from?"

Why do you care so much what happens here, Rick?

Mouse had asked him the same thing just hours earlier, but he was still no closer to finding an answer. Whatever it was, he knew that it lay within the flood of Resonances he'd experienced last night. For reasons he couldn't explain, he suddenly felt a sympathy for his fellow Ricks that he'd never had before. They'd been minutes from making their escape once and for all, but here he was, diving even deeper into the dangers of the Council. And for what?

Before he could dwell on the thought further, Chi was all business again as he continued. "So tell me if I've got this right: Galactic Federation hunts down Ricks. Ricks create Council for protection. Council becomes Galactic Federation. Council hunts down Ricks?"

"Talk about biting the hand that feeds."

"Anyone else know about this?"

"I doubt it," Rick huffed. He raised a brow as he watched the group of Mortys around Mouse. Many of them were now stroking their hands down their own bodies or petting their neighbors in a way that was teetering uncomfortably close to explicit. One pair had moved to stand before their inebriated Rick on the bench. He looked back at Chi. "No way it'd go on this long if everyone knew. It must be restricted to Council members and maybe a few officials, maximum."

Chi laughed, throwing a cheeky grin to Rick. "Let me guess. Your plan is to let the cat out of the bag then, huh?"

"You bastard," Rick said fondly. "You're always one step ahead of me."

"I know," Chi bantered back. He took a long draw of his cigarette. "Now for how to pull it off. We'll need a little more data." Leaning forward, he slipped a small tablet out of his back pocket. "Speaking of which, this why you wanted the backlog of Code Yellows?"

"Shit, almost forgot about that." Rick shook his head and took the tablet from Chi. "I'd wanted to confirm a hunch I had, but I wonder how relevant it is now." He was already scanning the entries of dates and names listed on the screen. "So these are all the Code Yellows over the past 15 years?"

"The Council's not the only ones who can be thorough. I got you everything you wanted, right in there."

"Great. Now let's see what we can find." After tweaking a line of code in ORA's OS to interface with the device, Rick quickly ran through the entries by year.

The records from 10 to 15 years ago revealed little. Ricks were still in the midst of the First Wave against the Galactic Federation, with all the arrestees being POWs. Even Rick recognized several of the dimensions of those who had gone down in the annals as war heroes. Cross-referencing the entries against an intranet search brought up articles highlighting the Ricks' accomplishments as well as laudatory obituaries.

The next period, five to 10 years ago, was where a shift in the trend made itself known. Code Yellows were markedly more regular, with the number of arrests consistent from year to year. Here, too, Rick ran a background check on the Ricks, and the results were nothing short of alarming. Now Ricks with a history of anti-Council activities littered the records with such frequency that it was hard to ignore. Of course the Council would cut out the whistle-blowers first. It'd just made it easier to pave the way for their imminent takeover. Strategically removing any naysayers ensured that no one could alert the public about what was happening right under their noses.

Nestled between an unruly mid-tier Greco and some faceless terror-Rick, Rick found his own arrest. His fingers gripped the device with a little more force than necessary as he looked at the entry. Ten years of a living hell whittled down to a few stagnant characters on a screen.

By now, the pattern of Council-controlled arrests was undeniable. The last four years alone had Code Yellows coming in like clockwork, with fewer notable insurgents. Shaping the Rick populace into a docile flock of sheep was working out just like the Council had wanted. There really was no greater motivator than fear.

What was worse was that despite the regularity with which the arrests were made, the Council still staged just as many victory parades. It was embarrassing that the charade been allowed to continue for as long as it had.

Rick was about to close down the program, satisfied with what he'd found, when something peculiar caught his eye. He would've overlooked the entry entirely—after all, it wasn't a particularly attention-grabbing Rick—if not for the discrepancy he noticed between two dates.

"Chi, how reliable's this data?" he asked, checking the numbers again. Rick of T-942's arrest date and his death record didn't match up. In fact, they appeared to be backwards. "Chi?"

But Chi was already standing, his eyes fixed on a crowd of figures in the distance. Guard Ricks. He plucked the device from Rick's hands with a curt, "We're gonna have to pick this up later, 280. Looks like someone called the fuzz."

Rick jumped to his feet, already scanning the nearby congregation of Mortys for Mouse. The assembly had turned their attention to their belligerent Ricks instead, who by this time had sobered up enough to fend off their Mortys' advances, filling the air with harsh insults. But the Mortys couldn't be deterred, and they teamed up on their Ricks to try to overpower them.

What the hell had Mouse been telling them?

The racket was attracting the attention of Guards from every direction, as the brawl between Mortys and their Ricks escalated within minutes to a full-blown riot. Outstatured but resilient, the Mortys were grabbing at their Ricks' lab coats to rip them off as they attacked them—no, not attack. They were—Rick couldn't quite tell, but it almost looked like they were trying to drag their Ricks down to the ground with them.

Rick stepped forward, ready to dive into the fracas, when his bag bumped heavily against his hip. He stopped short, reaching inside for the portal gun. He glanced quickly at the Guards who were interrogating Ricks down the path on either side of them, slowly converging on their location.

Grabbing Chi roughly by the arm, Rick pulled him close and shoved the portal gun into his hands. "Take this."

"What—?"

"It's sapped, but it'll do more good for you than me right now."

Chi looked at Rick skeptically. "And just what I am supposed to do with a dead portal gun?"

"Nothing for now. But this might make things easier." He slipped the SECURIGRID card from his coat pocket and placed it on top of the bundle in Chi's open palms. "Use your imagination."

"Where the fuck did you get this?" Chi gawked at it in disbelief.

"I'll explain later," Rick said hastily, tucking his bag behind his back. "Right now we gotta split up. You'll hear from me again as soon as things settle down." He stuck his bent arm out. Without missing a beat, Chi bumped his forearm against his, a small smile interrupting his usually severe expression.

Amidst the chaos of Ricks and Mortys fighting tooth and nail—and tongues and maybe something more—Rick dove into the fray, scooped Mouse up around the middle with one arm, and dashed in the direction of a side exit. The main entrance was already clogged with Guard Ricks. Too focused on putting distance between themselves and the commotion, however, Rick didn't notice the two Guard Ricks that suddenly stepped into his path.

"Registration, sir," one of them said. His sunglasses kept Rick from reading his expression, but he saw the slight arch of his brow at their unkempt state. Rick was breathing hard, coat askew and adrenaline making his thighs twitch as he stood warily in front of them. Mouse was faring little better, his eyes directionless and his limbs made of rubber.

Rick licked his lips and shifted his hold on Mouse before putting him gently on the ground. Mouse wobbled like a newborn fawn before straightening and tucking himself to Rick's side, partially out of sight.

"Registration," the Guard repeated with more force. His partner was already moving his finger over the trigger of his plasma rifle.

"Right. G-got it right here," Rick said, pulling out the security pass Chi had provided him.

The Guard took it and pulled out his mobile scanner. Rick silently cursed and swallowed as the card was swiped through the machine. When it gave an angry beep, both Guards stuck him with a loaded glare.

"Sir, you're going to have to come with—"

"What's going on here?" A third voice suddenly spoke, slicing through the air like a whip. It was much higher than the Guards' and, Rick noted, reminiscent of Mouse's. While Rick cocked his head in confusion, the two Guards parted immediately to let their comrade through.

It was a Guard Morty. He only came up to his colleagues' chests, but even at a glance, Rick could tell that he was the one who dished out orders. His lapels were richly decorated with colored insignia that touted his rank, and despite his short stature, control radiated from him, on par with the Captain of the Guard.

That familiar leveled gaze was currently glancing over Rick with bald-faced disinterest. He looked more annoyed than anything, and with an obvious pout, he sniffed, "Report."

The first Guard thumped a fist against his chest and gave a curt bow. "Sir, this Rick's identification is giving us some trouble."

"I-I must've forgotten my new card in my other coat," Rick stalled.

"Is that right?" the Guard Morty said. "Unfortunately, that's no excuse. Rule 20(c) of the Citadel states, 'A Rick in any public space within the Citadel must carry valid identification at all times and is subject to random searches without warning.' That especially goes for Ricks with a Morty." The Guard Morty shot his arm out to clasp Mouse by the shoulder who was trying to slink away undetected behind Rick. "And just who do we have here?"

The shift in the Guard Morty's expression was subtle, no more than a twitch of his cheek, as he locked eyes with Mouse. Slowly he reared back, his hand falling lax by his side.

"Sir?" ventured one of the Guards, exchanging a confused look with his partner.

"Everything all right, Brother?" the Guard Morty asked calmly, ignoring his subordinate's inquiry.

"F-fine," Mouse croaked.

"Good." Then to the other Guards, "Their records check out. These two are free to go." He tucked the expired card into his breast pocket.

"B-but, sir—"

"I said we're finished here, men." A steely glare from his chocolate brown eyes beat the other two into submission. They grumbled in the affirmative. Tucking his hands behind his back, the Guard Morty began briskly marching away, toting his underlings along with him. When his communicator trilled with an incoming message, he answered with a crisp, "Yes, Captain. This is I-006," before leaving Rick and Mouse behind.

Rick bent over, hands braced on his knees. He sighed loudly. "Jesus Christ, that was close."

Beside him, Mouse mumbled an agreement, still watching the departing Morty with curiosity. "Why do you think he let us go?"

"Who cares why? C'mon, Mouse. We've gotta get going. The next Guard might not be as lenient." He took Mouse's hand in his own and navigated their way out of the park.

The rest of the atrium was in an equal state of heightened security, with Guards stationed around every plaza and dotting the many commercial establishments. It took a great deal of sidestepping and strategic backtracking to keep away from the congested areas, but this also made for slow going.

Ducking into an alley for a breather, Rick leaned against a wall and exhaled a frustrated curse. They were royally fucked now. No tools, no safe place, and with Guards sniffing around every corner, it'd only be a matter of time before they were caught. And Rick could bet they wouldn't go easy on him once they found out he had The One. The fact that the entire Citadel wasn't on complete lockdown yet told him that they didn't know that Mouse was missing too.

The Council was already out for him, and now they'd have the perfect excuse to off him the second he was in their sights.

He bumped his head back against the stone wall. Nothing was going as he'd anticipated, and it was giving him a headache the size of Jupiter. What had he gotten them into? He knew he was running a huge risk going to see Chi, but it'd seemed worth it at the time. If it weren't for the sudden rash of uproars from the Mortys, he and Mouse could've easily slipped down to sub-level 6 and used Chi's pad as a base of operations. Now with the increase in security personnel, they wouldn't get within two feet of the entry points between levels without being checked and detained.

Rick looked at Mouse by his side who was mirroring his stance. But the sag of his shoulders broadcasted just how exhausted the kid was. He wasn't surprised. They'd constantly been on the move since the day before, and Rick knew firsthand just how little sleep Mouse had gotten last night. Suddenly the splendor of what they'd shared took on a sour note.

Rick had just closed his eyes in the hopes of blocking out the gravity of their situation for a few blessed moments when he felt a small tug on his coat.

"Rick?" Mouse was looking up at him with a calm that took the edge off of Rick's own frayed nerves. "Rick, i-it's going to be okay."

Rick almost snorted out loud. How can he honestly think that?"Yeah. Th-thanks, Mouse," he said instead.

He must not have sounded too convincing, because Mouse went on. "I know, um, that you might not believe it, but it's true. The Mortys, they told me we'll be okay."

Mortys? Rick screwed up his brow, but before he could ask anything about it, Mouse was pulling Rick down by his sleeves until Rick was kneeling in front of him. His hands, gentle and patient on either side of his head, guided him to his chest. Mouse was still bony beneath his flimsy shirt, but Rick felt a comfort there that he couldn't find anywhere else. His arms, which had been slack at his sides came up to clutch at Mouse's back.

For one long, uninterrupted moment they held each other, Mouse granting Rick the peace he didn't know he'd been yearning for, and Rick clinging to Mouse like he were his salvation.

Finally, he gave a deep breath and pulled away from the embrace. "M-Mouse," he faltered. "I-I just want to keep you safe."

"We believe we can arrange that."

The strange, velvety voice shocked Rick's eyes open. He whipped around, his muscles instantly tensing. But when he laid eyes on the speaker, he nearly swallowed his tongue.

"Y-you?"

The Eun-Rick smiled, his eyes twinkling. "Now, if you'll kindly follow us."

The Captain of the Guard rested his chin on his interlaced fingers, eyes locked on the grid of monitors that hovered in front of his desk. Surveillance footage from around the Citadel played on mute like a fractured kaleidoscope, revealing the activities of his men out on the field as they conducted their search.

On one monitor, a Guard Rick slammed his fists down on a table in a small interrogation room. The Rick being questioned responded in kind, toppling his chair and tackling the Guard in a brief but heated scuffle, before the suspect was knocked unconscious and dragged away. The Guard Rick turned to the camera and gave an apathetic shrug.

Another showed the aftermath of what had once been a peaceful plaza in the Citadel atrium. Droves of Ricks were being shoved into the backs of imposing SECURIGRID vans while their Mortys looked on, helpless. Although perhaps "helpless" wasn't the word to describe one group of Mortys that was grappling the Guards in an uncharacteristic show of defiance. Spectator Ricks had gathered around the scene, jeering and throwing their flasks in outrage.

It was the epitome of a shitstorm.

"NUBs," the Captain grumbled. Apparently, his units had missed the memo about being discreet. Never tearing his eyes away from the monitors, he tapped the badge on his chest, which had been droning on with inane reports, and snapped out orders for another team to intervene. A curt affirmative came back over the communicator.

He gave a weary sigh. It had been nearly 12 hours since they started the investigation, 12 hours since they'd been given the order: Find the X-Rick, arrest him, and kill him.

And he had jack shit to show for it.

It was supposed to be an open-and-shut case. Guards were immediately dispatched to apprehend the suspect in his suite, and yet when they'd arrived, it was empty save for the Elite membership card on the desk. Surveillance couldn't offer much of an explanation. For no apparent reason, they'd lost the feed from the suite for three minutes.

"Three minutes, and the fucking X-Rick disappears," the Captain muttered to himself, and with a sweep of his hand, he summoned a cluster of monitors closer. The last recorded activity within the high-roller suite looped on repeat, as the Captain tried to pick up some detail he'd overlooked. It showed the X-Rick enjoying his fast-food delivery at his desk with the courier hovering nearby, and in the next instant—gone.

The Captain's elbows had begun to pulse with pins and needles where they were propped atop the desk, and he pushed himself back with a frustrated sigh. Momentum propelled the leather hover-chair back a few feet, letting him straighten his legs. The suite monitors followed after him like loyal dogs, but he batted them away with a frustrated wave of his hand.

The hours of sitting stationary at his desk had taken their toll as he stretched noisily, a string of firecrackers popping down his lower lumbar and neck. An obscene groan slipped past his lips. Such indecency would never have been permitted in public, but in the privacy of his office, the Captain allowed himself to shrug off the stranglehold of decorum.

Scrubbing his eyes with the heels of his palms, he leaned back in the chair and propped his feet up on the sprawl of useless dossiers. The sharp edge of his belt dug into his belly, and he moved his hands down, intending to undo the metal buckle. When they touched it, however, they paused, a bout of déjà vu whispering seductively into his ear.

An illicit name moaned under his breath, the noisy clatter as he fumbled open his belt.

He quickly pulled his hands away as though burned.

Eager to get his mind off of the too-fresh memories of the prior night, he instead folded his hands chastely over his belly and set his gaze skyward. Tracing the familiar straight lines and geometric patterns of the ceiling tiles often helped to realign his scattered psyche, an exercise in self-imposed restraint. Tonight, however, he found his mind steadfastly continuing its downward trek into forbidden territory.

Small hands grasping for him, soft lips brushing his mouth, and a warbling voice calling his name. "C-Captain, Captain—"

"Captain!"

His fantasy was abruptly snuffed out, and he threw himself forward, mind reeling like it'd been splashed with cold water. "I—!" The name was already on his tongue, but he bit it back. With a scowl, he glared down at his lapel.

"Level 4, quadrant 6 is clear, sir," his communicator chirped. "No sign of the X-Rick. Awaiting further orders."

"Oh, for god's sake." He sighed loudly, running a hand across his forehead. Cool sweat moistened his fingertips, as he felt a category-5 headache coming on. He took a moment to slip back into his drill sergeant persona, allowing a calculated stoicism to settle across his features. Thankfully, his voice came out more composed than he'd expected when he finally answered.

"If you'd remember the chain of command, private, your direct orders will come firstly from your unit leader, then lieutenant, andthen me. But if you need it spelled out for you, you are to reconvene with Unit 78 and cover the rest of the CentRick Park district."

Static hissed over the communicator before the Guard responded. "B-but, sir, we've just lost our unit leader."

"What do you mean 'lost'?"

"I-I don't know, sir. I-006 just abandoned his post."

The Captain paused, finger hovering over the communicator as he digested the news. When he spoke again, his voice was sharp and level. "That's a pretty serious accusation. You'd better have your facts in order before you start throwing around claims like that."

"W-well, it seemed pretty obvious when he—"

The whinging petered out beneath the Captain's frigid silence. He rose to his feet, glowering across his desk at the empty office, as though his next words could paralyze the Guard from all the way across the Citadel. "Do you know what the punishment is for committing slander against a superior officer, soldier?"

There was no response for a few tense moments before a quiet "yes, sir" crackled through the airwaves, bowed and defeated.

"That's what I thought. Now get back to your duties—" He paused to open all channels and lambaste the rest of his men. "—and don't waste my time with any more petty interruptions until you've found something!" A sharp tap effectively ended the discussion, and the Captain swiftly plucked the badge from his lapel to slam it face-down on the desk.

That's better, he huffed silently. The goddamn thing had been going off like a police scanner on crack, and the senseless banter of his soldiers was picking away at his already threadbare patience. As if the sorry state of the case weren't bad enough, now he was getting reports of deserter Guards.

And not just any Guard. I-6.

His hands nestled in dark curls, the warm embrace of lips around his cock—

He shook his head free of the intrusive image and began to pace. Running a fretful hand through his hair, he did switchbacks as he mulled over the unprecedented turn of events.

Abandoning his post? Of all the ridiculous... I-6 was one of his most capable Guards. Among the hundreds of insipid men at his disposal, I-6 stood out like a beacon, executing his orders with an efficiency that made the Captain preen. The very notion that he would simply up and abandon his post was preposterous, and the Captain chided himself for even entertaining such a wild allegation.

He snorted.

Hell, he knew I-6 better than that. Since the day I-6 first entered his charge—one of many salvaged Mortys brought to the Citadel to be whipped into passable foot soldiers—the Captain had followed his progress closely. While he had few expectations for the runt of the litter, I-006 had proven him wrong soon enough.

What the Guard Morty lacked in stature, he made up for with aptitude and discipline, swiftly outranking his brethren by leaps and bounds. Top of his graduating class and first Morty ever to earn the position of unit leader, I-6 came to occupy a special place in the Captain's purview—model soldier, colleague, and confidant all rolled into one.

Now if only he could keep it professional.

He scrubbed a hand down his face, trying to squash the more impure musings that invariably revealed themselves whenever he thought of I-6. They were the one deformity to his otherwise exemplary working relationship, threatening to turn it into something less noble, more obscene.

Late-night summons to his office to review reports or requests for I-6 to accompany him on the dullest of administrative tasks could all be written off under the convenient guise of the job. Until recently, it was easy enough to convince himself that his feelings for I-6 remained squarely within the confines of work.

Steadily, however, the Captain began to realize that the respect and admiration he held for I-6 were wavering dangerously close to something far more self-serving. He wanted his unit leader in a way that no commanding officer should want a subordinate and that no Rick should want a Morty.

So he'd been careful, so careful to keep his inappropriate urges in check. Like wild weeds, he'd trimmed them back and smothered them beneath the daily grind and a healthy dose of denial. As much as they tempted him with whispers of "what if" and "this could be" and "just imagine," they were never acknowledged, let alone acted upon.

Last night, however, had changed all that.

Last night, his deepest desires had broken free with a vivid fantasy that divulged all his secrets. They flourished like thorny brambles in the pristine garden of his mind, coiled tight around his heart and buried deep in his groin. Having entered the physical realm, the Captain now found them impossible to uproot.

He nearly tripped over his own feet as he paced, recalling the strange vagary that had overtaken him. It'd only been a few hours into the investigation, and he'd been listening to a report—what it was even about escaped him now—when he was suddenly struck by an all-encompassing lust that had him grabbing at himself like his life depended on it. When he'd finally come back to his senses, he was breathing heavily in his desk chair, cock out, and his shame cooling in wet streaks across his abs.

Revulsion had been his first response. What on earth had reduced him to that, jerking off like some hormonal teen over a crush? He told himself it was merely a temporary lapse in control, and now that he'd scratched that itch, surely his fantasies would be laid to rest once and for all.

Rather than feeling satiated, however, his body was only hungrier for the real thing, as evidenced by the semi now tenting the front of his uniform slacks.

"How did it come to this?" he asked aloud, a crack in one of the ceiling tiles echoing his sentiment.

Just don't think about it. The classic Rick motto rang through his head, and for the first time in months, he was suddenly craving a hard drink, preferably something strong enough to numb his rampaging thoughts. He peeked down at the bottom drawer of his desk where he kept a reserve of whiskey for just such an occasion. The entire military division of the Citadel government was kept bone dry—all in the name of efficiency, of course—but after last night, he needed it, damn it.

His fingers were around the neck of the bottle and the glass tumbler was on his desk before he could talk himself out of it. He slumped back into his seat, pouring himself a generous helping of the amber liquid. It's just a little something to take the edge off, he reassured himself.

The whiskey soothed where it touched his tongue, and he gave a long, satisfied sigh, appreciating the way his throat was filled with the faintly smoky aftertaste. Tension instantly eased from around his eyes, and a thin veil of lassitude quieted the spinning cyclone of his thoughts.

Palms running down the plane of a narrow chest, pausing only to marvel at the wildly hammering heart beneath the pads of his fingertips. His hands clutching lean muscle as he fucked into that wet warmth with slow thrusts.

"Shit..." he moaned, hand splayed over his erection. Rather than lifting the carnal fog of his mind, the drink only further seeped him in last night's fantasies. A blush that was equal parts arousal and shame tinged his cheeks.

Fuck it. In for a penny, in for a pound, jeered the depraved side of him, already guiding his hand to squeeze along his length—when the office intercom buzzed.

An undignified yelp escaped him, but he managed to smother it into a half-decent grunt of annoyance. "Y-yes?" He coughed over the crack in his voice, scrambling to pin his badge back in place. "Who is it?"

There was a half second of hesitation before the familiar voice came through the device. "Captain, it's me."

The Captain immediately bolted upright in his seat, as though he'd been caught with his hand in the cookie jar—which, in a way, he had. What was I-6 doing here?

Make him leave, make him leave!

"Come in," he found himself saying instead, tuning out the voice of rationale that bayed for his attention.

In reply, the doors parted beneath I-6's SECURIGRID card, and the unit leader stepped inside. As he approached the desk, the Captain prayed the barrier of screens masked his untimely blush. He quickly bowed his head before he could give himself away, only then realizing he'd failed to hide something else: The glass of whiskey was still in his hand.

I-6 had apparently noticed it, because he gave a hushed "oh" as he neared. He knew the rules as well as the next Guard and could have easily reported the Captain then and there for the transgression. Surprisingly, I-6 only shrugged and smiled at him through the blue glow of the monitors.

"One of those nights, Captain?" His tone was congenial, as though he weren't put off in the least to see his superior giving in to his vice. A silent prayer of thanks echoed in the Captain's mind.

"Mm, yes," he said with an awkward smile. He relaxed back into his chair, nursing the glass in his lap. The act was oddly comforting, and, besides, it helped occupy his restless hands. Out of some ingrained sense of etiquette, he gestured to the bottle with a tilt of his head.

I-6 politely declined without a word, softening the blow that the Captain had just offered a Morty a drink. The whiskey must've been going straight to his head. He coughed around the sudden tightness in his throat and tapped his fingers against the cool glass of the tumbler, eager to move on from the topic.

"You really must remember to announce yourself before entering, I-6."

"My apologies, Captain," I-6 replied, stepping forward and breaking through the barrier of monitors that jittered and reassembled themselves behind him. Backlit by the unearthly glow of the screens, the straight lines of his shoulders and lithe frame were made all the more stunning.

Not trusting himself to look I-6 in the face, the Captain rested his eyes, instead, on the magnificent array of medals that shone on his chest. With his hands clasped behind him, I-6's shoulders were pulled back, making the colorful insignia gleam proudly.

"Now, then." He leaned forward, folding his hands on the desk. "What's this I hear about you abandoning your post, I-6?"

I-6 cocked his head. "Pardon?"

"It seems some of your men are under the impression that you went AWOL."

"Forgive me my candidness, sir," I-6 replied, "but they're mistaken. I'm right here, aren't I? I merely chose to deliver my latest update to my commanding officer...personally."

There was something about the way the word "personally" rolled off I-6's tongue that made the Captain want to chase after it past his lips and down his throat. He gave a quick shake of his head, disguising it as a response to I-6's excuse.

"A-an update? And you couldn't have simply sent it via your badge? I need as many of my men down there on the field as possible." Usually, his disapproving warning would have had a soldier shaking in his boots, but the words held no bite. In fact, his reprimand sounded almost conversational, and he realized with chagrin that I-6 always had a way of slipping beneath his rigid exterior. "But all right. What do you have for me, I-6?"

"Something I found in finance, sir."

Intriguing. "Explain."

Turning to face the screens, I-6 raised his hands and paused with a backward glance. "May I?" At the Captain's perfunctory nod, he moved with a flourish, taking command of the digital displays like a conductor before an orchestra. The screens dipped and rose like notations on a music score as I-6 rearranged them in search of a particular monitor.

Again safe from I-6's gaze, the Captain let his eyes follow the line of his back and the gentle curve of his buttocks beneath his uniform. When the petite Morty shifted on his feet, drawing the fabric tighter across his bottom, the Captain buried his involuntary moan into his tumbler, and he took another sip.

"Here." I-6 zoomed in on a monitor displaying strings of numbers alongside monetary amounts—transaction records of high-ranking Citadel personnel. "A SECURIGRID card was used, sir, at exactly 06:13 in the Rickhina neighborhood."

The Captain skimmed the list for the transaction in question until he found the corresponding cardholder's official title. "And what does the Citadel Attorney General have to do with anything?"

"That's just it, sir. It was his card, but it wasn't him. He's been off-station for the past two months, meaning—"

"Someone else is using his card?" In a space station occupied by countless doppelgangers, Ricks guarded their individuality ruthlessly, making the felony of identity theft almost unheard of.

"Not just anyone. My guess is it's the X-Rick." I-6 pointed to the timestamp by the transaction. "The card was used within hours of his disappearance from the high-roller suite."

"Any activity since?" Without needing further instruction, I-6 next brought up the card's recent history which confirmed the Captain's suspicions. Of course it wouldn't be so easy as simply following a trail of breadcrumbs to their target, but this was still their first piece of real evidence since the start of the investigation.

He could always count on I-6 to deliver him a miracle.

"Well done, I-6. Send all nearby units to that location—" He reached across the desk for a digital map of the Citadel, using a stray report as a coaster. "—and get any eyewitness statements you can."

I-6 laid his hand over the face of the map and pulled it slowly out of the Captain's grasp. "Already on it, sir," he said softly.

When the Captain looked up, he found I-6 disquietingly close, his umber eyes radiating confidence and a little something else that the Captain couldn't quite place but had his heart racing all the same.

"I-is that so." The Captain regarded him for a moment, trying to remember if I-6 had always been this...brazen. It wasn't an entirely unpleasant look for him, and the Captain scolded his heart for giving a disgraceful thump in his chest.

"Sir, if I might be so bold." I-6 spoke slowly, eyes now flitting between the Captain and the glass on the desk. "I'd like to take you up on that offer for a drink. After all," he added with a smile, "we have good reason to celebrate tonight."

Despite himself, an incredulous grin quirked the Captain's lips, and he was already reaching for the spare glass in the bottom drawer. "Hope you take your whiskey neat." Uncapping the bottle, he poured a finger's worth.

I-6 took the offered glass with an appreciative nod. "I'm not particular, sir." An alluring scent wafted into the Captain's nose as I-6 leaned over his desk, his glass extended in the air. "Cheers, sir, to the case."

"To the case." Their glasses clinked chummily, and the Captain nestled back into his seat with a content smile and another sip. Yes. This. This was just what he'd needed. A glass in hand, a break in the case, and his most trusted soldier by his side. With fondness soothing his nerves, he downed another mouthful and watched I-6 perch himself atop the desk, his own glass cradled in his lap, untouched.

"Really, I-6," he began, his mind and body feeling looser than they had in weeks. "What would I do without you? Until you came in, the investigation was dead in the water. Riq will be breathing down my neck for an update any minute now, and yours is the first bit of good news I've had."

I-6's cheeks looked redder than before, even though the same finger's worth of alcohol sat in his glass. "What can I say? I was trained by the best, sir." He forced a chuckle and fiddled with his glass again. "But you should give yourself more credit. Considering the circumstances, you've been able to keep the investigation pretty well on track."

"Investigation." The Captain scoffed at the word. "More like manhunt."

I-6 looked away, giving the Captain a handsome view of his profile. Above the stifling collar of his uniform, his jugular thrummed, and the Captain suddenly felt compelled to run his thumb over that pulse, if only to feel the bold reminder that I-6 was still very much a living thing. A living thing that needed—

Jesus, Captain, get your head out of the gutter!

I-6 was the epitome of a good soldier, his ever-reliable equal, not that sinful satyr that he fantasized of bedding. Besides, if I-6 ever caught on to his more fiendish cravings...

He frowned into his glass. Well, no point in ruining a perfectly good thing.

Looking up again, he followed I-6's gaze to one monitor tucked away in the corner. It swayed faintly from side to side, like a hypnotist's pocketwatch, and the Captain narrowed his eyes to make out the footage displayed within. It was focused on a lone Eun-Rick who was steadily making his way through the back alleys of the Celestial Quarter.

Unlike the brash Mama Eun-Rick who led them, the three Eun-Ricks of the Citadel were strange creatures, reticent and mysterious, and the Captain always found himself on edge around them. When not in the company of The One, the Eun-Ricks traveled with their own kind, so it was especially strange to see one walking in public alone.

As the Captain watched on, the Eun-Rick vanished around a corner, a Rick and scrawny, mohawked Morty tailing not too far behind him. Common-Ricks were forbidden from interacting with Eun-Ricks, yet, curiously enough, the Rick and Morty almost seemed to be following—

"How did it come to this?"

The unexpected question had the Captain nearly choking on his drink. He sputtered, "Hm? C-come to what now?"

I-6 made a vague gesture to the floating screens, inadvertently switching one to sleep mode. The sterile blue display was swiftly replaced by a soothing screensaver of undulating red ribbons that glowed pleasantly on his face. "All this, all this manpower...for what? An X-Rick?" He made a face. "Doesn't it seem a bit extreme?"

"Mind the screens, I-6. You know they can be touchy," the Captain scolded him lightly before returning the display to its original status. "In any case, I agree. I was hoping I'd be finished with the X-Rick the first time around. But you know how Riq can get. So—so—"

"Passionate?" I-6 finished for him with a smirk.

It was a running joke between them, the delicate art of critiquing the Council without actually saying anything that could be considered slander. Euphemisms were used in place of what they both knew the other was thinking, but the truth hidden at their core still made the Captain wrinkle his nose.

There was a time when he'd genuinely respected Riq IV. The Council head had promised to bring order to what was otherwise a chaotic multiverse. Ricks, like weapons of mass destruction, needed someone like Riq to keep them in line and man the launch button.

From his position as the Captain of the Guard, he watched with pride as the Citadel thrived under Riq's exacting rule. A shining example of Rickhood, Riq could do no wrong.

However, that original respect had slowly morphed into a wary distrust. With every inane command that Riq doled out over the past few years, the Captain's misgivings about their "eminent leader" grew bolder.

"He's always been passionate, but lately—" It's been borderline manic. "Take a look at the order that came in and tell me something doesn't add up." He rooted through the mess of documents on his desk until he found the original arrest warrant. At the bottom of the one-sentence brief sat Riq's solitary signature, the other five lines left conspicuously blank.

I-6 lifted his eyebrows at it. "So Riq's made the X-Rick his own personal project now?"

"This isn't the first time Riq's acted independently. He's snuck orders past the rest of the Council before, but I've never seen such blatant disregard for basic protocol." He smacked the papers with the back of his hand in disgust before handing them over to I-6. "Somehow or other, the X-Rick has managed to push all of Riq's buttons."

Emotions had no place in his line of work, and he abhorred the thought that his highest superior would possibly act on something so fickle and unstable. The Citadel was supposed to represent stability, logic, the whole being greater than all its parts, but Riq's personal vendettas clashed with that like a discordant note in a symphony.

Flipping through the pages, I-6 pursed his lips into a pout. "No reports of violence, theft, or even public indecency. Aside from that one incident with his funds, the X-Rick's barely done anythi—oh." He stopped short, eyes coming to rest on two particular data entries. "He participated in the auction a second time. And won." There was a tactful pause before, "May I ask what happened that night?"

For obvious reasons, Guard Mortys were forbidden from attending the after-hours auction, leaving the Captain with the task of trying to gauge how much he could indulge I-6. Granted, last week's auction had fallen outside of the normal parameters for several reasons, not the least of which had been Mama Eun-Rick's personal attendance. In fact, the request for increased security had also been through her on behalf of the Council, rather than Façade, and given her close association with Riq, the Captain had the feeling that something bigger was brewing.

He looked down into his glass before answering. "Yes, the X-Rick won, but it was almost as though they were expecting him to."

"How do you figure that, sir?"

"Façade security usually only requires five men. That night, we had to provide three times that amount, at the Council's request. And on the very same night the X-Rick decides to make a reappearance. After how his first auction ended, I didn't think he'd bother showing up again, but Façade's personnel had evidently prepared for it." He sat forward, his hands tense and restless as though trying to wrestle his conjectures into some coherent form. "And the auction itself was—" The X-Rick being dragged to the front, getting the best seat in the house; the prolonged Epiphany demonstration; the short-lived bidding war started by the usually tenacious C-165. From start to finish, the auction hadn't even lasted 20 minutes. "Frankly, the whole thing felt too rehearsed, too staged."

"Or perhaps just rigged." Another wave of I-6's hand, and another monitor went down.

The Captain switched the red screen back to blue again with a huff. "That's what I don't understand. Why would Riq go through all the trouble of making sure the X-Rick won safe and sound, only to turn around and send out an order for his arrest?"

"Maybe Riq has no need for him anymore."

"Like the 'fearless leader' of the Council of Ricks could have any need for an X-Rick in the first place," the Captain scoffed bitterly.

"Perhaps it's not what the X-Rick could do for Riq—" I-6 turned to face the Captain. "—but for someone else."

"Exactly who else did you have in mind?"

I-6 only hung his head, eyes fixed on the ground like he were trying to find his next words in the carpet pattern. The Captain waited, mildly perplexed, until I-6 raised his face again, eyes half-lidded as he whispered, "I can't say His name."

Unease darkened the Captain's face like a storm cloud. The conversation was beginning to take a dangerous turn, and even if he enjoyed the occasional bitching session about their eccentric employer, to even broach the subject of The One was a whole other matter.

"Careful, I-6. That kind of talk could be considered treason."

I-6 looked pointedly at the glass in the Captain's hand, a sly grin lifting his lips. "Any more treasonous than the Captain of the Guard drinking on the job?"

To that, the Captain had no retort. He smirked at I-6's audacity. Perhaps he'd taught the Morty a few more things during his training than he'd intended, including the art of exploitation. While I-6's precociousness impressed him on some level, the Captain was still his superior, and he still had a duty to keep his men safe—sometimes even from themselves. He couldn't risk where this conversation could lead if allowed to continue unchecked.

"All right, I-6," he said smartly, standing to dump his glass's contents into the potted plant in the corner. "That's enough gossip for one evening. It's time we got back to the case, and if you have nothing further to report—" The implication went unsaid, but the Captain silently prayed that they wouldn't have to part on such an unsavory note.

"As a matter of fact, Captain, I do have one more thing."

Approving smile already in place, the Captain looked back with a crisp "That's more like it."

I-6 put down his glass and began sweeping his hands over the floating wall of screens once more, effortlessly pushing them aside to find the video feed he was searching for. By the time the Captain settled himself in his seat again, the monitors were arranged in a radial burst that enveloped his desk, curving overhead and around the sides like the petals of some massive, azure lotus.

Unsure of what to make of the curiously artistic expression, the Captain looked down and began organizing papers, if only to further impress upon I-6 the fact that he was ready to resume his role as commanding officer. "Well, don't keep me in suspense, I-6. If you have something, then let's hear it."

"Of course, sir." I-6's sultry voice made the Captain's ears perk with interest, and when he looked up at him, his poise crumbled magnificently.

The top button of I-6's uniform was undone, a noticeable blush creeping up his neck to color his cheeks, obvious even against the blue tinge of the screens around them. And the look I-6 was giving him—

He buried his face in a random report he'd picked up, flipping through the pages without reading the text. He coughed, daring a glance up. "I-6, your uniform. It's not to code."

"Oh?" I-6 looked down at himself and touched his fingertips to his collar where the brass button lay open. "You're right." He sounded whimsical as he slipped his fingers into the opening and down. Another button popped open. "I suppose I'm feeling a little...overwarm, sir."

The Captain nearly choked at the sliver of olive skin that peeked from beneath the uniform. "Y-you know the protocol. If required, a soldier may remove his gloves in order to regulate his body—" He swallowed. "Body temperature."

"Yes, sir," I-6 murmured, tugging off the tips of his gloves with his teeth. One by one, he freed his fingers then dropped the discarded gloves on the desk. His collar, however, remained open. "Remember how I said I'd followed up with the location of that unauthorized SECURIGRID transaction?" I-6 continued casually. "It was a barbershop, of all places."

"Odd time to want to get a haircut." The Captain's chuckle was short and mirthless, a pathetic attempt to distract himself from the seduction of I-6's movements.

With a flick of his finger, I-6 summoned the monitor nestled in the heart of the flower to hover in front of the Captain. The display showed a small business's exterior, a gaping hole where its front window once stood, and large shards of glass littering the ground. A janitor was sweeping the mess into a bin.

"The barber reported the vandalism was the work of Mortys—" This made the Captain huff a laugh, but I-6 continued on, unfazed. "Mortys that had suddenly become, in his own words, insurgent."

"I see. We'll make note of it in my next report." The Captain shifted in his seat, tasting a breakthrough and anxious to reach an end to this bothersome case. Pulling the display closer for better inspection, he nearly missed it when one entire half of the monitor flower shifted to red beneath I-6's hands. "I-6, w-what are you doing?" He struggled to keep the sternness in his voice even as the rest of the petals glowed crimson, painting the room in an undeniably sensual aura.

"You'll want your full attention for this, sir," I-6 said by way of explanation. "According to our security cameras, the incident occurred at 06:13, just seconds after the X-Rick's transaction was made within the shop." The scarlet hue lit I-6's hair on fire as he walked slowly around the desk, fingertips dragging across its surface. "And it turns out the X-Rick wasn't alone. He had a Morty with him."

"A Morty?" It was no wonder they'd been hitting nothing but dead ends; they'd been too busy targeting Morty-less Ricks. "Do we have any identification on him?"

"The barber said he gave the dimension of P-082. And before you ask, yes, I've already looked into it, and it doesn't check out."

"Well, I'll be damned. At least we can add possession of an unregistered Morty to the X-Rick's record." Some part of the Captain was actually relieved to have a legitimate reason to carry through with the arrest now. It somehow made the whole ordeal less reprehensible.

"But that's not even the best part." I-6's voice dropped to a conspiratorial tone as he leaned in close to the Captain.

Heart beginning to pound, he kept his gaze fixed on the papers gripped a little too tightly in his hands. Normally, he wouldn't have stood for such a blatant invasion of his personal space, but the scent coming off of I-6 was addling his brain even worse than the whiskey had.

"A-and what is that?" God, he felt practically drunk on it.

I-6 sounded like he were recounting a pleasant dream rather than a key piece of evidence. "The barber nicks the Morty with a razor and gets the brightest idea he's had in ages." His breath blew hot over the Captain's ear as he dragged out the next word. "Eu-re-ka."

The Captain froze, the reports falling forgotten from his hands. An Epiphany? Suddenly, he was all too aware of I-6's body heat pressed against his side, his hand sliding up his arm. There was something wrong with this picture, something he had to stop before it went too far. His head was spinning.

I-6 stepped forward, nudging the Captain's legs apart with his knee to stand between his thighs. The action was so effortless, so dominating, it shook the Captain to his core, and another emotion soared unbidden to the forefront of his senses, the very same emotion that darkened I-6's eyes: desire.

"Captain." I-6 leaned down, hands braced over the Captain's white-knuckled grip. "Captain," he said again, his breath ghosting over his lips and making them tingle like he'd just downed a shot of vodka.

Nothing seemed real, and for a moment the Captain wondered if he had perhaps never awoken from last night's wet dream. Maybe he was still asleep at his desk. Maybe it was merely another fantasy that was now tilting his head up with a finger beneath his chin, that was whispering his title like the refrain to some secret hymn. His hands twitched off the armrests, already reaching, already poised to receive him. Just one more inch, and he could claim those lips.

"Why would you keep Him from us?" I-6 whispered.

And then the penny dropped.

Before I-6 could close the distance, the Captain burst out of his seat with a suddenness that surprised them both. His military training took over as he grabbed I-6 by the throat with one hand, hefted him into the air, and pinned him down onto the desk in one fluid arc. It jostled the desk violently, knocking the whiskey bottle and glasses onto the carpet with a hollow thud.

I-6 grunted as the wind was knocked from his lungs. His hands flew up to where the Captain held him, but instead of trying to pry him off, he was stroking up his wrists and arms, brushing his chest with the tips of his fingers. He eyed the Captain's lips hungrily as he huffed around his spasming diaphragm.

The Captain raked his eyes over I-6, careful not to focus on the way he writhed suggestively. Elevated body temperature, dilated pupils, unusual behavior—the signs were all there.

"You—you saw The One." The Captain's voice trembled nearly as badly as his hands. "You've been exposed."

"Yes. I saw Him," I-6 wheezed, steadily regaining his breath. "And He was—He was incredible. Oh, Captain." He sounded halfway delirious. "If only you knew what I now understand. He showed me—showed me the truth!"

For a moment, the Captain only stared agape at him. It felt like the floor had crumbled to dust beneath his feet, his reality dashed apart at the thought that I-6—his I-6 had been implicated like this.

He took a deep breath through his nose, marshalling his emotions once more and giving himself over to the Code. "Morty of I-006—"

"Captain, no." I-6 struggled against his hold.

"—you are hereby to be detained—"

"Don't do this," he begged, his eyes glassy.

"—in quarantine until the appointed time—" The Captain paused to look away. "Fuck," he growled, abruptly flipping I-6 over onto his stomach. Bringing I-6's arms back behind him, he gripped them in one large hand as he unhooked a pair of electromagnetic handcuffs from his belt. "Until the appointed time where you will be—be deemed unfit to continue your post. At that time, you will then—"

Damn it, he hadn't even batted an eye with the other Guard Mortys he'd lost, but he could barely make it through I-6's sentencing without feeling like his heart was being mangled.

Beneath him, I-6 was still resisting, his mewling voice threatening to sabotage the Captain's efforts. If he stopped with the arrest now, he knew he'd never be able to go through with it. A small concert of dissenting voices within him echoed I-6's pleas, rallying for him to reconsider, but it was quickly silenced as he slapped the manacles onto I-6's wrists with a resounding snap.

I-6 gasped and wriggled futilely in his bindings. "Captain, no. You know what they'll do to me. I-I'll never see you again."

I-6 would, in fact, never see anyone again. Affected Mortys were quickly terminated after entering detainment. The Captain knew what awaited I-6 if he turned him in, and his stomach gave a vicious lurch to think that he would be the one to sentence him to his death.

The Code snarled at him to do what needed to be done, and he bent over to frisk the small body, all apathy and martial precision. He murmured bitterly by I-6's ear, "You've been compromised, I-6. I-I can't just—damn it!" He looked away. "You know I have to do this."

"But, Captain, you don't. You don't have to do any of this. That's what He taught me." I-6 gave another airy gasp as the Captain's hands swept down the sides of his legs to undo the holster strapped to one thigh. "He taught me that we can have anything we want. W-we just need to reach out and take it." I-6 squirmed on the desk, managing to rub his ass against the front of the Captain's slacks.

His hands stuttered in their frisking. A bead of sweat rolled down his temple, and he realized that he was breathing unnecessarily hard.

"I'm done with denying myself what I want," I-6 whispered.

His fingers, which had been feeling I-6's pockets for contraband, suddenly came across a small, hard object. He swallowed thickly and asked, "And w-what is it that you want?" as he removed the item.

"Simple." I-6 looked plaintively back up at him. "It's you."

He opened his hand to reveal a small bottle of lube. His heart was in his throat in a second, and he curled over like a gentle question mark, pressing his forehead between I-6's shoulder blades with a groan. He slammed the bottle on the desk. Unbe-fucking-lievable.

"What are you doing to me?" he gritted out against I-6's back.

He screwed his eyes shut, trying to block out the temptation, but I-6's voice just came clearer. Soft as silk and hot as magma, the words dripped like honey in his ear:

"I'm helping you, Captain, helping you reach your true potential. You've been serving the wrong masters, Captain. We all have. These masters only celebrate pain and control. But with The One—" Tears now flowed freely to wet the reports beneath his cheek. "—we can have our wildest dreams."

Wildest dreams? the Captain repeated to himself, finding the enthralling words fitting snugly on his mind's tongue. Before, he'd have laughed at the notion, but now he was only mesmerized by the euphoric look that had taken over I-6's features, suddenly wanting a taste of it himself.

What I-6 was offering was mutiny in its purest form. As a soldier, he balked at it, refusing to turn his back on his life's mission.

But there was another part of him—the neglected, touch-starved part of him—that latched onto the hope that there could be more than this. More than serving a Council that was steadily dragging the once glorious Citadel into decay. More than having to carry out senseless orders to fulfill some madman's obsession.

More than hoarding away his rare indulgences.

More than denying his heart's desire.

His stiff shoulders buckled before finally dropping, letting the suffocating regiment of order that governed his life roll off of him like a coat of oil. With a throaty hum, he dragged his hands down I-6's back until they came to rest on the manacles around his wrists.

Incredible. I-6 was the one in chains, and yet it was the Captain at his mercy. Before he could stop himself, he gave an experimental tilt of his hips, his erection pressing between I-6's ass cheeks while he clutched his wrists for leverage. I-6 responded instantly, murmuring a string of encouragement as he shifted back to meet him.

It was better than any dream, and his cock felt perfectly at home along the cleft of I-6's pert, little ass. Without his willing it, he fell into a rhythm, slowly running his length again and again between those clothed mounds.

Only partially registering the fact that he was dry-humping one of his unit leaders, he said slowly, "Let's say I—I let you go." He licked his lips. "What would you do then?"

The answer was immediate. "I would serve you, Captain." Arousal flared in the Captain's stomach at the double entendre. "I would be everything that you wanted." He looked back pleadingly at him.

What he wanted? What he wanted was right here in front of him, I-6 willing and yearning for him.

In that moment, the Code's last resilient grip on him failed. With a final, emphatic groan, he deactivated the manacles and chucked them aside. Drawing a surprised squeak from I-6, he flipped him over again, pausing only long enough to drink in the sight of him.

His disheveled uniform was rucked up to reveal the tawny skin of his lean belly, chest fluttering with each anxious breath. His hair was tousled; his eyes, black with arousal. This was nothing like the other compromised Mortys he'd seen. After being exposed to The One, they became unruly, crazed. But I-6 only looked...breathtaking.

"That's right, Captain," I-6 purred, tearing at his own uniform. The brass buttons snapped open one after another, leading the Captain's eyes lower until they rested on the obvious bulge in his trousers. "This is what you always wanted, isn't it?"

Rather than answer, the Captain growled I-6's name, grabbing for him desperately. He wrenched off his gloves, unable to get enough of the feel of the smaller body against him. He dragged his lips along the pliant flesh of his neck, suckling and biting, like he could devour him on the spot.

I-6 keened, arching off the desk and offering up his throat to the Captain's ravenous tongue. Knocking his cap off, he grabbed fistfuls of his hair and mewled a chain of "yes, yes, yes."

The Captain was panting by the time he reached I-6's mouth, recognizing but not caring that he probably looked as wrecked as he felt. His own confined erection twitched and jumped against I-6's where it was sandwiched between them. I-6 gave an eager whine when he finally crushed their mouths together. Small, soft lips bloomed beneath the kiss, welcoming the Captain to dive into that sweet wetness with his tongue.

I-6 tasted of minty toothpaste and something distinctly himself, undefinable. It reminded the Captain of a mojito, and he wanted nothing more than to down him like he were the last drink in the Citadel.

The hardy unit leader could give just as well as he could take, his tongue like a rapier fit for parrying the Captain's advances. His hands were frantic, stroking up his chest to slide around to his back and nape. He circled his legs around the Captain's hips, grinding his erection against him, his want manifested shamelessly as rigid heat.

The Captain gasped.

How long? How long had he been wanting this? Wanting this and yet never saying anything? God, he'd been such a fucking coward.

As he ravaged I-6's mouth, he realized all too keenly just howsublime this was. Never before had he seen so much beauty in the spontaneous, the unexpected, the off-pitch—life in all its glorious imperfection. For all that the Captain loved order, if it meant missing out on this, order could go and fuck itself.

"Yesss," I-6 drew back to hiss. "Do you know—do you know how long I've wanted this? W-wanted you? " he gasped into his ear, letting the Captain grunt and mouth at him like a beast in heat. Each word that met his ears stoked the fire within him until he was blind with need.

"Jesus Christ, I-6," the Captain panted. "If you keep this up—"

It was getting hard to form sentences, every ounce of his concentration focused on prolonging the thrill that was blossoming rapidly in his core. Another wicked grind against his hard-on, and the Captain tore himself off of I-6 to gasp.

No! Not already!

But his pent-up need, held captive for so long, was already converging on his cock, demanding release. With a full-body quake that had every muscle constricting to the point of soreness, he stiffened and ground his hips against the small body beneath him, as he stumbled over his orgasm. He thrust jerkily once, twice, three times, spilling his seed and making a mess of his trousers.

Knees buckling, he wilted over I-6 with a long, choked sob. For a moment, there was only the crashing beat of his heart in his head, just as quick as the rat-a-tat-tat beneath his cheek, as he slowly descended back to earth.

The soothing heat and slow strokes of I-6's hands down his back invited him to stay in this cozy tranquility, untouchable and removed.

But his afterglow was cut short, humiliation hot on the heels of his climax. He buried his face in I-6's chest, trying to get both his breathing and dignity back into some semblance of control.

"I—I'm sor—" The apology was on his tongue before he knew what he was saying, and he smothered the rest of it with an incoherent grumble. "Fuck." He hoisted himself up, feeling wobbly and not all there. When I-6 put his hand to his chest, fingers splayed over his heart, he was certain it was to push him away, disgusted to see his commanding officer succumb to his baser needs like an animal.

But, instead, I-6's fingers were curling into his lapels to reel him in.

I-6 pressed close to him, holding his face and cooing sweet praises in his ear, telling him that he did beautifully, that he was perfect. With each kiss, he gently prodded the Captain backward until the backs of his knees made contact with the chair. Too worn to resist, he collapsed heavily into it, I-6 following after to climb onto his lap.

"How—how can you—" he mumbled distractedly, too focused on the feel of I-6's lips where they pressed chaste kisses to the corner of his mouth. Whenever he tried to follow, I-6 always remained an inch out of reach, leaving the Captain feeling simultaneously lost yet eager for guidance.

"My Captain." I-6 grabbed the back of the seat for leverage as he straddled his hips. He placed another kiss on his temple. "This is just how I want to see you." His brow. "This is who you're meant to be." His cheek. "They've made you deny yourself long enough." He reached for the Captain's jacket and began skillfully unfastening the buttons while the Captain sat, entranced. "The Council—they tell us that obedience is all that matters." With the first three buttons undone, I-6 paused to kiss the Captain's bared chest, his breath making the dusting of gray hairs shiver. "But they're wrong. That is why they'll never really know His true power. The Council are like children with a match." He was shaking his head. "So stupid, reckless."

"I-6, what are you—?" the Captain said, witless and light. He still felt partly like he were in a dream, like he were no longer in control of himself.

Normally, such vulnerability would have been repulsive, but instead it felt—he watched in a daze as I-6 delicately removed his badge from his lapel and tossed it over his shoulder—liberating. Things like "duty" and "obligation" fell away like flotsam beneath the beating of a ceaseless wave. With every swell and crash of the heaving force that was I-6, his immaculately constructed persona retreated in favor of this new, brilliant reality.

"We'll never be who we're meant to be, Captain, until we're free. And He'll take us there."

"You mean the—The One?"

I-6 moaned as though the name alone were an erogenous zone that had been stimulated. And the Captain would've given anything to hear it again. He placed his hands on I-6's thighs, his thumbs grazing his erection.

"Tell me. What does The One do?"

Another provocative moan dripped from I-6 before he answered. "He is desire. He is joy incarnate. He wants us all to reach our—our enlightenment." His hips gave an involuntary twitch when the Captain cupped him through his pants. "But enlightenment isn't found in rules or order."

The heat radiating from I-6's cock parched the Captain's throat, and he swallowed. It fit like a small bird in his palm, thrumming with a pulse of its own. "Where is it found, then?"

"Pleasure." I-6's voice snagged on a crack in his voice, and he grabbed the Captain's face to kiss him fiercely. He rose up onto his knees, pressing himself as close as he could, and the Captain enveloped him with a strong, two-armed embrace.

"I-6, I-6." It was all he could think to say. But the arbitrary combination of letter and number didn't do it justice, and his lover was far too precious to go by the same name as the countless other Mortys. Drunk on the moniker that he'd called him in his dreams, he felt his tongue forming the word on its own, the syllables blending together to birth something entirely new: "Isyx."

Isyx smiled into the kiss and crooned, "Thank you, my Captain. It's beautiful."

Cocooned in the sultry, red glow of the lotus and sequestered away from the demands of the Citadel, time passed in a seamless sequence of pleasure the rest of that night, moments measured only in caresses and gasps.

Somewhere in a corner of the room, his badge lay abandoned, left to buzz like some tiresome gnat with the panicked outcries of the Guard Ricks. But it could wait. Everything could wait while the Captain basked in the glory that was his lover—comrade turned companion in every meaning of the word.

Isyx lived up to his promise and served the Captain well, worshipping him and being worshipped in return until the two knew each other more intimately than they'd ever known any other being. Every kiss, every embrace, long overdue, carried with it a promise of a new beginning with their love as the only guiding force.

All the while, Isyx whispered into the Captain's ears teachings of The One True Morty—his journey, his purpose, and his grand design. He would replace the self-destructive dictators to serve as a benevolent savior, returning the Citadel to its former grandeur.

Through Isyx's words, the Captain finally saw the truth in its many facets like a perfectly cut diamond, as beautiful as it was sharp. And he knew with absolute clarity that he would devote himself to this new creed, trading in his false idolatry to bring the child king to his rightful throne.

It was a mission he would carry out with pride.

...

Write, right.

Funny how the English language allowed homophones to exist, like they were just innocent, little things intended to trip up schoolchildren. Get one wrong, lose a few points on a pop quiz. Big whoop.

No, know.

No one really thought they were of any concern. In fact, they were touted as one of the oldest and most widely accepted forms of humor—puns. "Nice to meat you," goes the butcher, and everyone enjoys a good round of belly laughs.

Aye, eye.

No harm done, and no one loses an eye. Context alone could dispel any possible misunderstandings, right? After all, how often did someone pick up a book on fairy tails by mistake? Or believe that the weather forecast actually called for reign?

A slight slip-up in spelling, and you could find yourself with an entirely different meaning—some harmless, some just embarrassing.

And some that could wipe out an entire population of 100,000 strong.

Whine, wine.

Mama Eun-Rick hadn't touched her glass of ruby port on the bedside table as she pored over the Book of Morty in her lap. Bundled up in a plush, white bathrobe over her silk chemise, she was intent on spending the rest of her evening in bed, reviewing her latest annotations.

She was currently occupied by one passage that had been circled and highlighted several times over, warping the page horrifically and making the text bleed.

Once awakened, The One True Morty shall raze the Citadel.

The word "raze" had been heavily underlined in red with the word "raise" written above it. At some later point in time, the word had been scratched out and a pair of blue question marks scrawled after it. Above that, "RAZE" was written yet again where it intended to stay.

This was not an anomaly. Throughout her years of interpreting the book, Mama Eun-Rick had accumulated nearly a dozen similar instances where homophones were the one thing standing between an accurate reading and utter disaster.

She narrowed her eyes at the page, muttering something under her breath about how Mortys were going to be the death of her.

The half-dead Morty who had first written the book was quite the accomplished author, Mama Eun-Rick had to admit. He had written hundreds of pages of grandiloquent text taking the form of poems and narratives, parables and allegories. But even he had one major flaw that caused Mama Eun-Rick's acid reflux to act up.

He was an atrocious speller.

It had begun simply enough. An "e" forgotten in the middle of the word "forsee." A silly "k" in "panik." They were mistakes any child would make and, for the most part, were easy enough to decipher. It was when these errors began to alter entire meanings that Mama Eun-Rick began to worry.

Council, counsel.

Riq had not been so understanding whenever she'd had to come running into the Council Chamber to rectify a misreading thanks to an inopportune typo. He was already short on patience, and when it came to matters regarding The One, he was particularly unforgiving. Her last visit was a harsh reminder of that.

She absentmindedly ran a hand over the side of her neck where his fingers had pressed a half-ring of bruises into her skin.

"Fucking lunatic," she cursed bitterly, finally taking a sip of her wine. Blackberry and cinnamon burst along her tongue, temporarily lifting the drudgery that came with studying the book. It was by no means an uplifting read, made all the more dreary by the fact that her livelihood hinged on its enigmatic scriptures.

Dissent, descent.

The very message of the Book of Morty had taken on a more sinister tone than she'd first realized. What had begun as a simple account of how The One True Morty came to be, now seemed more and more to tell a different story—a story of great upheaval, revolution, and an end of times. Nestled between the lessons for every Good Morty to follow were play-by-plays of how Ricks would pay for their abuses. They would pay dearly.

Mama Eun-Rick swallowed another mouthful of the sweet wine, eyes never leaving the page as she reached out to place the glass back on the night stand. She miscalculated the distance, however, and the glass toppled over the edge to spill onto the floor.

"Oh, for fuck's sake!" she huffed, jumping out of bed. Too impatient to run to the bathroom for towels, she shrugged her bathrobe off and began to dab hastily at the puddle, quickly staining the fabric red. After a few minutes, she realized the effort was futile. Now both the carpet and her favorite robe were ruined.

Idle, idol.

The Citadel was fucked. She knew it as clearly as she knew her own reflection, her suspicions cemented by the most recent passages she'd read. The book painted a daunting picture for the Council and all who served under their nefarious rule.

The events of the book were coming to fruition faster than she could keep up with. The X-Rick, the night of the second Auction, Riq's premature reunion with The One. It was all just as the book had foretold, right down to Riq stupidly hacking off the kid's hair.

"Why do I even try anymore?" Didn't Riq realize he was rushing The One right along his destined path? And now they were all going to suffer for his shortsightedness.

For a time, Mama Eun-Rick thought she could prevent it—she'd managed this much, and she was just a stripper with an eye for riddles—but they were well past the point of no return. If she tried to clean up the mess when the proverbial hit the fan, she'd only end up covered in shit.

She threw the soiled robe to the floor and fumed at the blood-red stain on the carpet, fists clenched.

There was no point in playing the martyr anymore. The Citadel was a sinking ship, and Mama Eun-Rick knew that there was only one way to survive a sinking ship. After all, she hadn't gotten this far on integrity alone.

Suddenly, a melodious chime broke through the tension of the room followed by a digitized feminine voice, "You have a guest."

"Of all the—" She whirled on the door with a close-mouthed shriek. Now was not the time for an uninvited guest—a whiny Eun-Rick, no doubt—and she flung the door open, ready to throttle him where he stood.

She was met, instead, by Auctioneer Rick.

Wring, ring.

"R-Riri!" she sputtered, as he stared dumbfounded at her. That's when she realized she was only wearing her slinky chemise and not a spot of makeup on.

Her hands immediately flew to cover her chest where a patch of sheer material revealed her—well, nothing. Realizing that her sense of humility was misplaced, Mama Eun-Rick shifted on her feet and crossed her arms defiantly over her chest.

Auctioneer Rick only blinked and lifted his lips in a beguiling smile. "Chère Rickochet, vous êtes ravissante, comme d'habitude. Forgive me for dropping by at such a late hour. Did I catch you at a bad time?"

She tried to muster her usual, impertinent scowl, but instead found herself glancing up bashfully at Auctioneer Rick. Too shy to look him in the face, her eyes flitted over his manly chin, broad chest, and cocky tilt of his hips.

"N-no, I was just—" She waved behind herself vaguely. "Just had a little trouble with the—with the wine."

Auctioneer Rick propped his forearm on the doorframe, peering into her room and nodding like he'd known that was the case all along.

Why she was even telling him all this instead of telling him off puzzled her, but suddenly she felt an inexplicable desire to stay near him, enthralled rather than annoyed as she usually was. With his gaze directed elsewhere, she took the opportunity to look him over.

There was something different about Auctioneer Rick tonight, and Mama Eun-Rick knew very well it was more than just the absence of his signature auctioneer's mantle. There was a decidedly alluring shift in his overall demeanor, though she couldn't quite pin down what accounted for the change.

Whatever it was, it reminded her of the fantasy that had gripped her the night before, and she felt her body temperature rise despite the fact that she was standing in her nightie, barefoot at the door.

"—get on your knees."

She snapped back to attention, eyes wide. "W-what?"

"I said, if you want to get that stain out, you'll really have to get on your knees." Auctioneer Rick was gesturing to the mess by the bedside.

"Oh. Oh, that. I-I've got it covered. Don't worry about it." She cleared her throat. "What about you? Don't you have tomorrow's silly auction to prepare for?"

His smile only faltered momentarily when he glanced down at her neck, and she quickly cupped her hand over the fresh bruises, pretending to rub at a stiff muscle. When he spoke again, it was sprightly and brisk. "I realized that's not really my scene anymore. Thought I'd take some time away."

Now, that was surprising. "Really." She readjusted her arms around herself, leaning a shoulder against the door frame and recognizing that the pose now had her partially tucked beneath his arm. It was warm there, and she felt something begin to unravel inside her, loose and delightful. "And what'll you be doing with yourself?"

He looked away, pursing his lips. "Not sure yet. Might do some traveling. I hear Kurtu is nice this time of year."

"You don't say. Kurtu?" Mama Eun-Rick replied, tilting her head demurely.

Red tinted Auctioneer Rick's ears, and he coughed politely before speaking. "A-anyway, assez parlé de moi. I came to ask if you might like to go out and grab a drink with me. I know a fabulous little wine bar that you'd enjoy."

She blinked at him. How many times had she heard the same invitation before? And how many times had she refused? But somehow this time was different. There was no showy bow. No flashy gift. Just Riri in all his simple, endearing charm.

Misinterpreting her hesitation as a silent decline, Auctioneer Rick rambled on, already drawing himself away. "Although I realize you've still got the rest of your wine to enjoy. Right. Say no more. It was silly of me to even ask."

Mama Eun-Rick looked down at her feet, voice small. "I'm not really in the mood to go out tonight."

He forced a chuckle, his steadfast smile still in place even when the happiness left his eyes. "Ah, I-I should've guessed. Well, my dear, sorry for bothering you. Bonne soirée and sweet dreams."

"Riri, wait." She grabbed his sleeve with one hand, catching them both off guard. "I—" she stammered, eyes fixed on where she clung to him. Swallowing, she drew him closer, a fierce blush burning her cheeks. "I-I said I didn't feel like going out tonight, but maybe—" She dared a look up at him. "Maybe you'd like to come in?"

A stunned wonder came over his face, and for a heartbeat, the two of them stood in silence. Then Auctioneer Rick slowly lifted his hand to cup her cheek, and she put her hand over his.

"Ce serait un honor," he breathed as she pulled him inside and closed the door.

"M-master, your tea," the Eun-Rick said, holding out a metal tray topped with a row of teacups.

Their lacquered surfaces were organic in design, sculpted by shaky hands as evidenced by the irregularity of the cast. Veins of hammered copper gleamed intermittently along their uneven sides, adding a hint of glamour to the otherwise humble make. At their bottoms, dark tea leaves swirled loosely, smelling boldly of malt.

Rick's stomach rumbled in anticipation, but rather than accepting the offer, he just eyed the cups warily. He turned his head to the side and scoffed, "Look, this isn't—not really the best time for a, uh, tea party. We're sorta on the lam, remember?"

He gestured between himself and Mouse, who was currently kneeling atop a burgundy ikat pillow beside him. While Mouse fit snugly in his seat, looking for all the world like he belonged there, Rick's own floor pillow was worn down to the threads, an uncomfortable pancake. He shifted again as he scowled at the Eun-Rick and his equally oblivious twin who sat opposite them.

"A-a thousand pardons, Master." The Eun-Rick bowed deeply, an impressive feat considering he was still balancing the tray precariously on his fingertips. "W-we know you must be exhausted after your trying journey, Master. But, please, we wish only to provide you s-some comfort."

These guys have barely said two words since we got here, but apparently there's always room for tea.

The Eun-Rick that had led them here—even now, Rick couldn't be entirely certain which one it was—had been equally quiet the entire way over. After following their enigmatic guide through the back alleys of the Citadel, Rick and Mouse eventually found themselves in this small, windowless loft. It was the size of a walk-in closet and looked like the lovechild between a gypsy wagon and hippie van.

Hanging paper lanterns glowed softly overhead and pale wax candles of every size burned on shallow tin plates. Their flames cast the room in burnt orange and claret hues and glinted off the colorful beaded curtain that hung over the room's single entrance. Thick, woven fabrics of batik design draped the walls, and an abundance of floor pillows gave the room a distinctly bohemian aesthetic. The cozy garret had been cobbled together from salvaged parts, no two pieces of furnishings matching, and everything was softened by years of gentle use like an oft-read book.

At any other time, Rick would've found the space relaxing, but given the circumstances—

Rick curled his lip. "For the last time, quit calling me 'Master.' This isn't the freakin' winner's suite, so you can drop the Mr. Beauregard routine." Agitation made a muscle in his neck twinge as he leaned forward and pinned the Eun-Rick with what he hoped was an intimidating glare. "And don't expect us to drink any of this shit until you tell us what we're doing here."

Just hours earlier, he and Mouse were inches from being sniffed out by Guards in the Citadel atrium, and now here they were, playing guest to a pair of Eun-Ricks who seemed more concerned with manners than the manhunt.

"We assure you," the second Eun-Rick's voice intercepted smoothly, "despite its name, you'll find your Assam tea tastes nothing like shit." He gave a beatific smile as he puffed away contentedly on a tall, jade hookah through a tasseled hose. His trademark white robe was curtained between his thin legs as he rested one arm on a tucked knee. "And as for why you are here," he continued, voice pleasantly muffled by the shisha, "it is as we said before."

"Right, right." Rick brushed the haze aside with his hand, his words dripping with sarcasm. "'You must meet the author.'" Great. Sounds like another douchebag. "Still doesn't tell us a whole lot."

Now that they'd finally gotten settled into—well—wherever this was, Rick had hoped they'd be a bit more cooperative. But no matter how much he'd pushed the point about this "author," the Eun-Ricks somehow managed to evade the subject while not outright denying him an answer. The usual response ran along the lines of "You will find out soon" or "Patience" or—worst yet—"All in good time."

It had Rick caged in the frustrating position of chasing dead-ends while also not having enough actual ammo to accuse the Eun-Ricks of foul play.

Just a vague in-between.

In fact, everything about the Eun-Ricks was vague. Incomplete, in a way. The two often answered for the other without any predictable pattern, to the point that Rick felt as though he weren't even conversing with a whole person at any given time. And then there was the whole "we" business. Rick didn't know if the Eun-Ricks were trying to channel some sort of "royaler than thou" angle, but it was confusing as hell.

With their matching shaved heads and plain white robes blurring the lines of their individuality, only the polarity in their expressions gave them away: The tea-server Eun-Rick's mouth was pulled in a downward arc, his eyes glistening with nascent tears. He looked perpetually on the verge of weeping. His twin, on the other hand, sat like a content cat, a gentle smile affixed to his face as he took another slow draw of the peach-scented tobacco.

"This author a bestseller or something? Don't tell me we're here for a book signing." Rick forced a laugh at his own lame joke, even as a succession of more and more sinister scenarios played through his mind. His eyes flitted to the curtained exit for the hundredth time that evening.

The fortuitous arrival of the Eun-Rick in that dark, little alley had seemed like a godsend at the time. After all, it was either that or face a battalion of Guard Ricks. But steadily, Rick began to suspect that the Eun-Ricks' show of hospitality may have been just that: a show.

Of course it is, he corrected himself. These guys get their paychecks directly from the Council. For all we know, they could've just led us here to hand-deliver us to the Captain of the Guard himself, drugged with whatever's in this—

"H-here, Master," the doleful Eun-Rick repeated, interrupting Rick's bleak musings. "May it suit your taste."

"I already told you—" Rick snarled, whipping around to give him a piece of his mind. But he stopped short when he realized it wasn't himself that was being addressed.

"Thank you," Mouse said graciously, reaching past Rick to pluck his own cup from the tray. The irony of Mouse being called the same title as the winning Ricks wasn't lost on Rick, but either Mouse missed the reference or just didn't mind it.

The tearful Eun-Rick heaved a half-choked sob as he gazed at Mouse, his smile quivering with emotion. The look in his eyes was neither covetous nor lewd, only rich with saudade, like how a father might look when beholding his missing son after years apart.

It still made jealousy flare hot in Rick's belly.

"Hey. Enough with the waterworks," he snapped, startling Weepy out of his daze. "I-I think we're all—we're good here, okay? So, uh, go?" A flick of his hand succinctly dismissed him.

"O-of course, Master. A thousand pardons," Weepy sniffled again. He bowed meekly beneath the brunt of Rick's scathing jab and retreated to the opposite side of the frayed rug where he served his smiling brother and then finally himself before setting the brass tray in the center. In addition to Rick's neglected cup, two more stood untouched beside a shallow bowl of almonds.

"If we may propose a toast," Smiles began, lifting his cup to the center of their small circle. Weepy lifted his in kind. "To your safe journey. And your safe arrival to come. Morty be with you."

Rick just rolled his eyes. Like they'd really be stupid enough to drink their—

"M-Morty be with you," Mouse echoed next to him. He was already tipping the cup to his lips.

"Mouse!" Rick shot his hand out to stop him, but Mouse pulled his cup out of his reach at the last moment with an indignant yelp.

Holding the drink aloft, he stammered, "W-what are you doing? What's wrong?"

"Mouse," Rick hissed, leaning close to whisper and placing his hand over the cup's mouth. "You can't just drink anything they put in front of you. We don't know what's in there." Worry and outrage battled each other at Mouse's ignorance.

Mouse furrowed his brows, peering into the cup innocently. "But it's just tea. Jeez, Rick, y-you're acting like they're the bad guys." He smiled at the smoking Eun-Rick who nodded amicably. "I mean, they saved us from getting caught. C-can't we just, you know, relax for once?" He squeezed Rick's hand before lifting it from his cup. "We can trust them."

Rick just watched stunned as Mouse then blew gently on his tea and drank.

This was ridiculous. Mouse was feeding right out of their hands—literally! He was composed and relaxed, while Rick was a thread stretched too thin, brittle and prone to snap. Exhaustion had his equilibrium slipping horribly off-center, his heartbeat flimsy and scattered. He was running on fumes at this point after so many hours of being on high alert, and though his senses were muted, his paranoia had been sharpened to a razor's edge.

"Th-the Master is right," Weepy offered meekly, unable to make eye contact with Rick's seething gaze.

"We promised you both safe refuge, and we intend to do good on that promise." Smiles bowed his head, a thick cloud of vapor pouring from his parted lips. "You are our esteemed guests. No harm will come to you here."

"See, Rick?" Mouse elbowed him gently, as he hummed happily into the steam that rose off his tea's surface.

The aroma made Rick's stomach give another envious growl.

Mouse may have trusted these guys, but to Rick, they were no different from any other Rick—cunning and dangerous. He glanced at the two remaining cups, not liking how the numbers would soon be stacked against them.

Another snide remark was already on his tongue, when Mouse spoke up first, "Where are we anyway?"

Smiles immediately perked up, his eyes taking on a shade of affection that made Rick want to shove that hookah pipe straight down his throat.

Spreading one arm through the air, he began to orate. "We are in the Citadel's oldest quarter—that is, neighborhood. It was here that the Citadel first came to be, where the original founding Ricks gathered while they searched the stars for a safe haven from the Galactic Federation."

Mouse was hooked, scooting closer to listen with rapt attention. Even Rick found himself drifting forward, his own curiosity piqued. The origins of the Citadel were not something he was familiar with given his ostracization as an X-Rick.

Smiles blew another stream of vapor into the air, shaping it into a wispy rendition of a spacecraft. "Their ships formed the Citadel's very core—its heart, if you will—and from that first fleet eventually grew the impressive Citadel we know today."

"Ships?" Mouse asked excitedly.

Smiles nodded. "Even now, relics from the founders' vessels can still be found among us." He beckoned to Mouse. Before Rick could even get a word in, Mouse had scurried over between Smiles and Weepy as they lifted a corner of a wall tapestry.

Beneath it was a solid sheet of metal belonging to the side of a spaceship's fuselage. Age had colored the metal a rusty red, and the tail end of the ship's name could be made out emblazoned on it in chipped white paint.

Mouse ran his hand down a vertical column of rivets, making a fascinated little "oh," while Rick tried not to focus on how close the Eun-Ricks were to Mouse where he was crouched between them.

To keep his rampaging neurosis from getting the better of him, Rick looked about the room, taking in new details he'd failed to notice before: The beads at the doorway had the tell-tale shape of hex nuts, a gutted satellite dish served as the lampshade for the overhead light, and coated wires were woven through bald patches in the rug.

Suddenly the hodgepodge quality of the room, as well as the neighborhood they'd traversed to get here, made much more sense.

The brightly lit streets of the commercial district had gradually given way to broken neon signs announcing their entry into theCelestial Quarter, a miniature scrap metal city in the middle of the otherwise immaculate atrium. Majestic Rickmansions devolved into a mishmash heap of cramped shanties, crude homes carved out from the metal husks of dead ships. Rickety, narrow stairs led the weary travelers single file between corroded metal walls covered in rust and moss that leaned drunkenly against one another.

In this kingdom of wreckage and decay, there was a tangible energy in the air. As they'd neared the Eun-Rick's unassuming home, the surrounding low-hanging balconies had been strewn with happy partygoers and lovesick bards on acoustic guitars.

Even now, Rick could still hear their drunken chorus muffled through the walls.

Apparently, Mouse heard it too because he'd pressed his ear against the metal sheet—tucking himself even closer beneath the Eun-Rick's outstretched arm, too trusting, too open.

"O-okay, Mouse." Rick cleared his throat and shuffled forward to tap Mouse's leg quickly. "Don't let—wouldn't want your tea to get cold, right?"

Mouse gave a distracted hum but thankfully came back to the safety of Rick's side. While Mouse happily nibbled on an almond to go with his tea, Rick leaned back against a cabinet and eyed the Eun-Ricks, measuring them up.

He could still remember the way the Celestial Quarter residents had nodded respectfully at the Eun-Rick and his guests when they passed by. No doubt the Eun-Ricks were held in high regard here.

"Gotta say, I never expected Council lackeys to be living in the slums." He picked at one of the tassels on the corner of his pillow until it came loose. "Thought they would've put you up in, y'know, The Ricktz or something. You two must've fucked up real bad," he chuckled gruffly. "This the Council's way of breaking your balls?"

The Eun-Ricks shifted uncomfortably at the coarse gibe. Finally Weepy responded. "Th-there is still a difference between being under the C-Council's employ and being under their s-spell."

Rick quirked a brow.

An ominous cloud of smoke from the hookah haloed Smiles' head, and he added, "And those who call the Celestial Quarter home do not always adhere to the Council's standards." The brevity of his statement spoke volumes.

Anti-Council Ricks? Rick's mind immediately flew to the obituary entries he'd scanned through earlier with Chi, remembering the high number of fallen dissidents. How many of them had also been residents of the Celestial Quarter? he wondered.

At the time, the long list of names had seemed like proof enough that his fight against the Council would have to be taken up single-handedly, but now hope fluttered in his chest to know that their stranglehold on the Citadel wasn't as far-reaching as he'd once thought.

But as he watched his reticent hosts, a darker suspicion floated to the surface.

On his arm, Mouse tugged his sleeve excitedly. "Rick! Did you hear that? Other Ricks want to fight the Council too! We don't have to do it alone after a—"

Rick coughed loudly and frantically clamped a palm over Mouse's mouth. The kid's keen perception was usually a benefit, but now was not the time.

They couldn't be revealing too much of their plan when they didn't yet know where their dubious rescuers stood. After all, if what the Eun-Ricks said was true, and they were sitting squarely in a hotbed of rebel activity, then why shouldn't Rick suspect that the Eun-Ricks were, in fact, Council spies specifically set up here to keep an eye on any malcontents?

It was the most plausible explanation he could think of. And if they managed to deliver both the infamous X-Rick and the Council's prized pet back to them? They'd surely be sitting pretty then—

Mouse grunted with annoyance before finally shaking off Rick's hand. He drew back sharply, shooting him a frigid glare. "Rick, I was talking!"

SELFISH ASSHOLE!

Rick snapped his hand away as though physically bitten, the damning statement searing him in his most derisive tone. But as quickly as the insult had surfaced, it left.

What the hell...?

Next to him, Mouse made a small pained grunt and pressed a palm to his forehead. Shaking it off, he asked, "S-so if you guys are, um, also against the Council, then is that why you're helping us?"

Concern flashed across the Eun-Ricks' faces—there and gone again—before they answered.

"W-we all have a purpose that must be fulfilled, dear Master, and ours c-converges with yours when it comes to th-the fate of the Council." There was an obvious portent to his delivery, though Rick was at a loss as to what he meant.

Still, he was shocked that the Eun-Ricks weren't even fazed by the fact that he and Mouse had plans to stage a coup against their employers.

Just like every other piece of drivel the Eun-Ricks spouted, Mouse was quick to eat it up. Eyes shining with intrigue, awestruck smile—to see that adoration directed at someone other than himself made Rick's stomach roil with renewed disdain.

He gave a low whistle. "Wow. You must have some real cojones to give the middle finger to your bosses. You guys think up all this on your own?"

Smiles choked on his next draw from the hookah pipe, falling into a fit of coughing. "Although our reasons—ahem!—may differ, we merely follow the teachings of the book." He coughed again, punching his own chest.

Book?

Weepy, who was dabbing at his eyes, spoke to Mouse, his voice small and shaking. "A book that tells—tells your story, M-Master." Sharing a silent nod with his brother, he crawled to a nearby ottoman and reached inside, removing a short stack of loosely bound papers from within. He placed it in front of Mouse.

As Mouse picked it up, Rick craned his neck over to make out the title, his curiosity superseding his suspicions.

At the top of the first page was written Rickelations.

"The Book of Morty," Smiles started, resting his chin in his hands as he looked at Mouse, "tells of the tragedies and miracles of The One True Morty. Everything that has and ever will happen to Him is revealed within its pages."

While Mouse made an impressed sound, Rick just snorted, looking at the papers dubiously. The pages crackled loudly when handled, the heavy scrawl that filled each sheet warping the surface. So tightly packed together, the words flowed in undulating lines, barely legible, across the page. "Not much of a 'book,' if you ask me. And this Rick's handwriting is shit. Looks like a four-year-old wrote it."

The two Eun-Ricks shared a confused look.

"B-but why would anyone write about me?" Mouse asked, shrugging his shoulders. "N-nobody's even supposed to know that I exist." He tilted the stack this way and that, even peeking underneath it as though the answer might somehow be there. "I-I'm barely even—I'm...I'm nobody."

"Oh, Master." There was such genuine fondness in Smiles' words, that it made Weepy sob anew and Rick grimace. "You are more than you know. Destined to do great things." With his exhalation, a stream of lilac snaked its way across the open air to unfurl like caressing fingers against Mouse's chest.

Rick's eye twitched to hear his very own words spoken again to Mouse. Who were they to butter up Mouse like this? As far as he could tell, the Eun-Ricks had just been silent witnesses to Mouse's torture, attending to him with all the care of blind tailors.

"W-what sorts of things?" Mouse asked, as trusting as a kid being lured right into the back of a creep's van.

"That, Master, you will learn in time," Smiles said softly. He reached forward, inches from running his hand along Mouse's short mohawk, when Rick deflected it with a sharp swipe of his arm.

The Eun-Ricks blinked, and even Mouse gave a shocked sound of dismay.

"Funny," Rick growled, tucking Mouse close to his side while he kept his eyes trained on Smiles' unnerving grin. His tone darkened as his thumb grazed a particularly prominent scar on Mouse's arm. "For saying you're all about helping us, you never seemed to give a damn about Mouse before."

"Rick, that's not true," Mouse said in protest. "They—"

"Mouse, you don't know what you're talking about. They may act like they're as relaxed as Hindu cows, but they're still Ricks."

"B-but they're not like—"

Rick only tightened his grip, his attention back on the Eun-Ricks. If he had a knife, the conversation would've already been over. As things were, he'd work with what he had. "You pathetic fucks were always five feet from him. You could've gotten him out of there, could've done something," he ground out, disgust catching fire in his throat.

Undeterred by Rick's visceral accusations, Smiles responded calmly, like he were expecting to dissuade Rick with just the cadence of his voice. "We know this might be hard to understand, Master, but there was a reason for our...inaction. The One True Morty needs to be allowed to follow his path, even if it is fraught with suffering."

"Yeah, it's called the Council having you by the balls," Rick spat. "You never lifted a damn finger because you were just looking out for yourselves."

"Rick!" Mouse squirmed out of Rick's hold. "Stop it! You're not listening!"

But Rick was too far into his mission, determined to expose the Eun-Ricks for the phonies they were. "You love being balls deep in this cushy little get-up you've got, cleaning up after the winning Ricks when they're done with—" Rick just sneered venomously, unable even to finish.

"M-Master, please, that is not—"

"You have the balls to sit here and justify what you did?"

"Rick!"

"Bet you were also hoping to get your dicks wet while you were at it—"

"Rick, that's enough!" Mouse yelled, jumping to his feet, his small hands in fists.

MAYBE MOUSE LIKES THEM BETTER THAN YOU!

Rick froze as the sharp blade of doubt suddenly scythed through him. That ugly whisper of jealousy goading him on had swelled to a bomb's blast in his head, making his mind reel. He doubled over onto the floor as it cleaved him, reducing his spite to a paralyzing fear that had every muscle tensed to aching. His knuckles were white as he clawed at the rug; his eyes, wide.

Above him, Mouse's voice came hard and unmoving. "They're my friends, Rick, and you can't talk to them that way."

HE ALREADY HATES YOU, YOU FUCKING LOSER!

In his periphery, he saw the Eun-Ricks shrink back from him like he were a festering wound oozing out where he lay. Their flurry of gasps tore at Rick's ears like frenzied buzzards.

"Is it happening again?" he heard one whisper.

"Y-yes. Just as we'd seen before. It is as the Book explained."

"A fascinating thing!"

"No. It is a—a vile thing. To have one's w-worst fears turned onto oneself? Th-there is no greater hell than that."

HE'S JUST PUTTING UP WITH YOUR SORRY ASS!

Their words faded beneath the storm of tinnitus clogging Rick's ears. It was a cacophony of self-reprimands that gouged at his consciousness, leaving him numb and empty. Above him, he heard Mouse speaking to one of the Eun-Ricks.

Rick cracked open an eye against the raging panic. He saw Mouse standing before the Eun-Rick, just inches away. But when he tried to call out, Get the fuck away from him!, only a reedy whine escaped him, drool spilling over his bottom lip as he clenched his teeth.

The Eun-Rick gave a short bow before turning to Rick. Then he wordlessly balled up the fabric of his robe and lifted.

Rick flinched automatically, but where he expected to see a set of unmentionables, similar to his own, there was nothing there. The last thing he saw before unconsciousness dragged him under was only a wiry, gray bush sitting beneath the soft paunch of the eunuch's belly.

...

Won't let this disease take you away.
It's been killing you every day.
But don't throw in the towel, gonna make you pristine.
The fight's not over yet, if you know what I mean.

The melody was somber, typical of any love song. But the lyrics seemed to hold a whisper of something more—something stronger, untethered, and daring. A war cry sung in a chorus of hardy baritones.

As consciousness clawed its way back to Rick, the music faded, growing distorted as it echoed down a metal chute in the floor just beside his ear. Rick thought it might have been nice to follow it, to hear the next verse, but when he willed his body to move, it wouldn't. His bones were leaden, and his fingers tingled where they twitched.

"Rick?" Mouse's voice flitted into range, pleasant and calm with an undercurrent of concern that drew Rick even further out of the darkness. He sighed at the gentle touch of Mouse's hand on his forehead. "Wake up, Rick."

The sound of his own name came like an aloe to burned skin. It held none of the biting anger from before, and with it, the crippling anxiety that had gutted Rick so suddenly felt like it had been nothing more than a passing caprice. Now he was only left with a receding headache and deep-seated nausea as he willed himself to wakefulness.

"M-Mouse, I'm sorry," he mumbled around his tongue, still sluggish and clumsy. "I shouldn't have—" He let his head loll from side to side on the warm pillow beneath it. The world pitched wildly with the movement, and Rick screwed his eyes shut even tighter. "It's just—I needed to know they didn't—" Touch you, fuck you. "—hurt you," he finally managed.

It was true. The distrust he'd harbored against the Eun-Ricks had been driven not by the desire to keep himself and Mouse safe from any actual threat, but to protect his own fragile ego. Infinitely patient and self-assured, the Eun-Ricks were the antithesis to Rick, and he'd selfishly wanted to keep Mouse from finding security or comfort in them instead of him.

"It's okay, Rick. I-I understand." Mouse's cool fingers stroked rhythmically over his hair, soothing his vertigo. The pillow beneath Rick's head shifted, and Mouse's voice sounded closer, pinched with regret. "And I'm sorry for getting angry."

Gradually, the nausea seeped out of him like sap from a cut tree, and Rick opened his eyes to find he was lying supine on the floor, his head in Mouse's lap. Spots of sidereal light overhead revealed themselves to be paper lanterns, their hazy glow backlighting Mouse's form above him. But in place of the golden brown eyes he was expecting to see, a pair of ice-blue peered back at him instead.

He blinked, and it was Mouse once again.

Forgetting the strange vision immediately, Rick grabbed Mouse's hand from his forehead and pressed it firmly over his pounding heart. There was comfort in the weight of Mouse surrounding him like this, the simple reminder that he was still here, still with him, still his.

He hadn't lost him yet.

"Mouse." He held the back of Mouse's hand to his lips, kissing the small knuckles one after the other. "Thank god. I thought you'd—" The insecurities from before sounded once again in his mind. But, while just as repulsive, Rick found they were nowhere near as potent now, even silly. "Never mind. It doesn't matter anymore." He huffed, "God, I was a royal piece of shit to you, wasn't I?"

"Yeah, Rick. You kinda were," Mouse chuckled good-humoredly. "And I—I guess I can't blame you for being worried." His eyes dimmed as his smile left him. "But I wish you'd just listened to me."

"I swear I won't be like that again." He reached up with his other hand to cup Mouse's cheek. "You mean too much to me, Mouse, and I'm always fucking it up." His fingers brushed the small adhesive strip behind Mouse's ear.

The Eun-Ricks had placed it there upon their arrival, and while Rick had stewed with jealousy over it at the time, he finally accepted its simple and innocent message: We are here to help.

It was now clear to Rick that he wasn't the only one in Mouse's life. There had been others and may still be many more. Curling his fingers around the back of Mouse's neck, he tugged gently, drawing Mouse down toward him. But at least this wouldn't change. No one would ever take his place here.

"Why do you even put up with me?" he murmured, affection dropping his voice by half an octave.

"Uh, R-Rick..."

"Hm?" Rick paused just inches from Mouse's lips, taking a moment to appreciate the nervous blush on his cheeks.

"N-now's not really—not really the best time," Mouse stammered. It was only when Mouse flicked his gaze meaningfully to something in front of him that Rick finally got the hint.

He shuffled awkwardly to his elbows and looked around. Indeed, their little reconciliation had been witnessed by more parties than Rick would've liked.

The two Eun-Ricks from before were still seated cross-legged on the other side of the small area rug, smiling or sniffling in their trademark way. They nodded when Rick's eyes passed over them, Smiles giving a little, friendly wave as if to say Don't mind us.

But during Rick's short absence, a third Eun-Rick had appeared, nestled squarely between his brothers and completing the circle around the tea tray. His face was impassive as stone, and a bandage covered one cheek. Rick recognized him immediately as the Eun-Rick who had helped him in the hallway outside of Mouse's room.

Mouse's voice came from behind him. "Rick, I'd like you to meet the Author."

"So you—you're the guy we've all been waiting for. You Eun-Ricks sure wear a lotta hats." Rick roused himself off of Mouse's lap, wincing as the headache, having been disturbed, gave a cranky throb. "Council staff, rebel sympathizers, and now prophetic writers. But hey. I really ought to thank you for that whole door lock...thing."

The stoic-looking Eun-Rick arched an elegant brow.

"Rick, not him. Him. " Mouse extended his arm and pointed to the center Eun-Rick—or, more precisely, to the small Morty tucked in his lap.

Rick's mouth fell open. Well, I'll be damned...

Waif-like and languid in the Eun-Rick's arms, Rick hadn't even noticed he was there. The Author was smaller even than Mouse, his legs dried-up sticks where they flopped over the side of his carrier's knees. Beneath a simpler version of the Eun-Rick's robes—barely more than white muslin that left his feeble limbs exposed—his skin was sallow; his hair, limp and dull.

But his eyes—the Author's eyes were an ice cavern of fierce blue that burned into Rick's own like glacial fire. As cold as Mouse's amber brown eyes were warm, they sent a chill down into Rick's core the longer he held that gaze.

The Author smiled, nothing more than a slight upturn at the corners of his mouth.

At last, we meet.

Rick jolted as the voice reverberated through his mind. His scalp bristled at the impromptu Resonance: that same strange, hollow feeling of another's thoughts sliding against his own. Only this time, without the tempest of pleasure to accompany it, the voice rubbed to the point of chafing. It made his teeth itch.

And unlike the typical threads of thought that Rick merely intercepted, this was being spoken directly to him. Just like before.

"Y-you!" Rick shouted, bolting upright.

Stupid decision. His thoughts, which had been gradually slipping back into place were once again splintered beyond recognition. Whatever had overtaken him before had now left him brutally shattered apart and then slapped hastily back together again. He was fragmented.

Broken.

"I-it's you," Rick croaked again, clutching his hands to his head. "The one I heard in my head last night. How are you doing that?"

"That is the voice of the mind." Smiles answered whimsically, unfazed by Rick's obvious pain. He had traded his hookah in favor of massaging the Author's atrophied legs where they lay lifeless over the grim Eun-Rick's lap. "Far superior to the voice of the tongue. We may never learn to speak it, but the Author," he said with pride, "is fluent in both."

The Author waved a hand through the air, rolling his eyes playfully. It was then that Rick noticed his small fingers were wrapped in bandages. "Please. I'm no author, only the writer."

The Author's voice was as willowy as the rest of him, reminding Rick of crystal wind chimes in a summer's breeze. It was delicate and light, by far the most beautiful thing about this Morty whose sickly frame was propped up only with the help of the Eun-Rick's arms around him.

Mouse scooted next to Rick, assuming his place on his pillow again. Reaching forward, he took Rick's cup from the tray and offered it. "Here. I-it'll make you feel better."

To his surprise, the tea was still warm enough to let off a faint column of steam. Rick had to wonder just how little time had passed during his unexpected fainting spell. Judging by the tea, it could have only been a few minutes, and yet with the sudden introduction of not one but two new visitors, he felt keenly out of the loop.

As if sensing his discomfort, Mouse slipped his hand into Rick's palm. "It feels funny when he talks in your head, doesn't it? He did it to me too when he first came in." He scratched at the back of his head, remembering the peculiar sensation. "B-but he says he won't do that anymore, 'cause he has something he wants to tell us. Both of us."

Rick sipped his tea. Mouse was right; it was much better having something warm in his stomach. He immediately felt embarrassed for how he'd acted before. He'd been hotheaded and belligerent while their hosts had remained steadfastly cordial and courteous.

"Well, I said I'd listen. So..." Rick squeezed Mouse's hand before turning to the Author and his band of Eun-Ricks. "All right," he said, rubbing his hands together. "Now that we're all here, let's get this started. First things first." He pointed both forefingers at the Author. "Who are you?"

The Author regarded him calmly through his sapphire gaze, before nodding to Weepy who placed his tea back on the tray. From behind him, Weepy produced a small wooden box.

On its cover was engraved the Citadel emblem. Flecks of gold leaf still clung to its worn surface, evidence that it had once held some more regal purpose. From inside, the Author retrieved a deck of cards. They were larger than average playing cards, ponderous in his hands. Their faces were bare save for a single red letter. Not bothering to shuffle them, the Author then leaned forward and laid the first card face-up in front of Rick and Mouse.

When he lifted his hand away from the card on the rug, it revealed the letter I.

He began to speak.

"Who am I? I am a Morty. But to those who know my purpose, I am the Author of the Book of Morty." He raised his eyes. "I trust you have already seen it. Or, rather, the little I was able to salvage."

Morty picked up the papers from beside him and hugged them to his chest. "Y-yes. So you—you must've known me f-from my dimension, then?"

"Dimension? I have no dimension," he replied, placing the N card down some distance from the first.

"No dimension," Mouse echoed, spellbound.

Rick wasn't so easily duped. The whole card routine was kooky enough, but now the kid apparently had his cosmology facts wrong.

"Newsflash, kid," he said, shaking his head. "Everyone has to have a dimension. You ever heard of ex nihilo nihil fit?" Rick may have agreed to play along, but that didn't mean he was about to let himself be given the runaround.

"Nothing comes from nothing." The answer came effortlessly.

Shit. So the kid knows his Parmenides.

"R-right. Exactly." Rick crossed his arms, refusing to be beaten by a gimp in a bedsheet. "Then obviously you should know that everything comes into existence from something."

"Yes. And purpose brought me into existence."

"No. Look, if you're here, and we're swapping metaphysics Wiki facts, then something caused you to be here, i.e., a dimension."

A shadow of pained disappointment passed over the Author's face before he answered. "After everything that has happened, you still don't see that cause is oftentimes less significant than reason?"

Rick pursed his lips. All the lofty talk was starting to get tiresome, and now what was this about "reason"? Rick was a scientist at heart; causality, he could get. It was a basic principle of metaphysics that he subscribed to. But reason—that was the whimsical stuff of therapists and dreamers.

"Why do you think you are here, Master?" For the first time since his entrance, the Eun-Rick in the center spoke. His voice was gravelly and blunt, capable of transforming even the lightest subject into a sobering eulogy.

"Because one of your baldies brought us."

"And?"

"Aaaand...what?" Rick snorted a laugh through his nose. "Mouse and I were up shit creek without a paddle before you showed up—or maybe it was you." He gestured between the two Eun-Ricks that flanked the Author. "And now you keep saying you have something to tell us, but all I'm getting are word games." He shook his head. "So can we just get on with it?"

"Those were merely causes. Your actions, our encounters—all random events that were generated from thousands of causations. Happenstance." The intensity of Grim's explanation grew, though his voice remained level. "Any infinite combination of these things could have brought you here. Just as any infinite combination of events could have caused a boy to come into existence." He and the Author shared a meaningful look.

"Or a stripper to find a book."

"Wha?" Rick wrinkled his nose at Smiles' strange non sequitur.

"Even if w-we had taken too long to infiltrate y-your room's security system—"

"Or couldn't patch into your direct phone line—"

"Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold up." The conversation was being batted back and forth like a ball in a three-way tennis match and at a pace that Rick could hardly keep up with. "Are you saying that was all you?"

Grim picked up the line of discourse. "Whatever the circumstance, cause can only go so far. It explains why you are here right now yet goes no further. Reason, on the other hand, is much more powerful than that. It sets us up for events that have yet to happen. It gives us purpose for the future, oftentimes a future that we may never even see ourselves." Rick didn't miss the way Grim's hands tightened about the Author's shoulders.

"Just as you have come here for a reason," the Author continued his monologue, taking out the next card.

Finally, back to business.

"I came into being to serve a reason, a single purpose." He laid an O on the floor. "To aid in the fulfillment of The Ones' mission." When he swung his gaze between Mouse and Rick expectantly, Rick only returned a blank look.

"Uh, what are you looking at me for? Mouse is your guy right here." He jabbed a thumb at Mouse who was staring down at his palms.

"Rick, h-he didn't just say One." Mouse laid his hand on Rick's thigh, a mix of fear and fascination in his eyes. "He said...Ones."

Rick snorted. "Okaaay? So then who's the other—" Realization hit like a sucker punch to the chin, and his tongue went limp.

No way.

Now every pair of eyes in the room was trained on him.

No fucking way.

"You can't seriously be implying—"

The U card joined the others along the wobbly line.

"Yes. You are The One True Rick."

For a moment, no one breathed, letting the full impact of the statement settle on Rick like a thick blanket of snow.

Abruptly, he let out a short laugh. Then another. He clasped a hand over his face as he tittered inanely to himself for a full minute.

As if the idea of The One True Morty weren't hard enough to swallow, now there was apparently one for Ricks too? He didn't know what it even meant to be "The One True" anything. Most days, he could barely get by being a Rick, so how in the hell was he supposed to be The One True Rick?

The phrase "cosmic joke" kept popping up in his head, complete with spinning newspaper touting the headline: Dead-End X-Rick Bones Kid, Gets Mystical Title from Cripple

"Wow," he finally said, dropping his hand. "Great. So I'm The One True Rick. Glad to join the team." Mouse didn't return his playful chuckle when he punched him in the shoulder. "So what's the fancy title come with? Do I get psychic powers too now? A-am I supposed to be, like, the leader of the Ricks or something?" Another bitter laugh escaped him. "Jeeeezus," he breathed, gripping his own knee a little too firmly as he took another shaky drink.

Ignoring Rick's sarcasm, the Author answered him matter-of-factly. "Do not take your position lightly. You have an important purpose to fulfill as the Counterpart to The One True Morty." He laid an E card down next in introduction. "You already know what The One True Morty is capable of."

"Yeah, yeah. Epiphanies, Resonances—" Glad to have the topic shifted away from himself, he ruffled Mouse's mohawk. "Hell, the kid's got enough ESP, he's one letter away from having his own sports network."

The Author shook his head. "I'm referring to something that even Mouse himself does not know of. Think back." He pointed a bandaged finger to the card then to his right temple and gave a double tap. "You saw it yourself, remember?"

The peculiar gesture baffled Rick for a moment until his mind gradually settled on a memory—a posh suite, a wall of code on a mirror, and a breathtaking display of white and black.

"Entropy," Rick said softly, finally understanding the significance of the card.

"Yes." The Author tilted his head, eyelids sliding shut. "How had you put it? A walking neutrino bomb? The One True Morty is capable of as much destruction as he is life. He spreads liberty to the tune of chaos."

Rick looked curiously at Mouse, so small and unassuming in his cheap jeans and shirt. Despite what the entropic filter revealed, he'd never seen any evidence of Mouse's chaos in practice. "You're talking about the wrong kid here. Mouse wouldn't hurt a fly."

"You have witnessed this chaos manifest in more ways than you realize." Under any other circumstances, the know-it-all attitude would have had Rick peeved, but considering how absurd everything he'd heard so far was, he was actually grateful for the extra handholding.

Smiles, who had been working the Author's toes, piped in with, "Why do you think he's been kept away from other Mortys?"

Rick thought for a moment. It had seemed strange to him that Mouse had never encountered another Morty until their jaunt through the Citadel. And when he had finally met them, the other Mortys just seemed excited—wait, not just excited. Enamored, frenzied. At the time, he'd dismissed it as just a quirky behavior on the part of the Mortys, but now he wondered if there was something more behind it. He shifted in his seat, trying to put into words what it was he had seen.

"I guess because they—they tend to get, I dunno, riled up around him." When the Author remained silent, waiting for more of an answer, Rick rested back on his hands with an exasperated sigh. "You tell me, kid. He must say something pretty wild to them, because they start going bonkers."

"He is awakening them." The Author enunciated the word slowly and deliberately. "Mortys have fallen victim to the control of Ricks. They have lost themselves. But The One True Morty brings them back to who they are meant to be. He gives them agency, the courage to take what they want."

They don't even get to have who they want.

Mouse's insightful statement from just earlier that day now took on a new meaning. What had seemed like a disproportionate concern for those he'd never even met before now made perfect sense. Rick already knew Mouse's capacity for compassion was staggering, and he wondered if that was something Mouse had always naturally possessed or if it was because of his destined role as The One True Morty.

"Mouse." At the sound of his name, Mouse lifted his eyes to the Author. "For all the years that you have been denied your desires, you grant them for your brethren, and they are all the freer for it," he ended with a smile.

When the Author's eyes came to rest on him again, Rick squirmed beneath that telling gaze. He was already anticipating another life-shattering revelation.

"Do you wish to know your purpose, Rick?"

Rick tried to suppress the shiver that crawled up his back on small, biting claws. A sudden flash of Ricks going berserk in the same manner as the Mortys painted a frightening picture in his mind. But Ricks certainly had no problem taking what they wanted—to a fault, in fact. And he'd never noticed anything out of the ordinary whenever he met another Rick.

Now he really was curious. He nodded once.

The Author next laid down a card with the letter S on it. "As The One True Morty awakens his brethren, so does The One True Rick awaken Him in turn."

That's it? Rick thought, looking at the strange S. Considering the more drastic scenarios he could imagine, this one seemed easy.

"A lock or a key is useless without the other, but together they can accomplish great things. So it is with The One True Morty and his Counterpart. Now that you have been brought together, it has already begun." The look in his eyes was intense then as he directed his next question to Mouse. "Did you feel it, Mouse? Do you remember the moment it happened?"

Rick could've sworn he saw the Author's pale cheeks redden.

"Y-you mean when—when we—" Mouse paused, wringing his hands in his lap.

The coy look Mouse shot in his direction made Rick's heart rate jump, and Rick didn't need to guess what scene had been provoked by the letter S. The surrounding Eun-Ricks looked away politely, as though Mouse's arousal were somehow visible.

Just as the hint of a Resonance began to sound in his head—a distant maelstrom of questions topped with more questions, coupled with a plea for Rick to take him away from it all—the Author spoke up.

"Now that you have been united, you can begin to restore the Symmetry."

"Symmetry?" Mouse sounded slightly out of breath as he repeated the word, clearly eager to distract himself from the unchaste thoughts in his head. "Y-you mean like shapes being balanced on either side?"

"Nah, Mouse," Rick said slowly. "I don't think he's just talking about shapes." To the audience in front of them, he sighed, "If there's one thing I've learned tonight, it's that you guys never have a simple answer. So how about you spare us the 20 Questions gig and tell us what you mean?"

"When I say Symmetry," the Author elaborated, "I do refer to a balance. That's right, Mouse. But it is a kind of balance that transcends mere form. Everything in life adheres to the rules of symmetry. In the arts, it gives us beauty; in mathematics, it allows us to fathom everything from the tiniest arrangement of atoms to the farthest expanses of the universe."

Smiles piped up when he saw the confused look on Mouse's face. "Even the ancient Greeks were able to measure the circumference of Earth with just a few scant miles."

"And in our day-to-day lives, symmetry comes in the form of reciprocity, empathy—" The Author paused to glance at Rick. "—revenge. But when symmetry is broken down, that balance is lost, and life falls to ruin. That is what has happened here in the Citadel."

Rick had an idea of what he meant by the "symmetry" that had been thrown out of balance. He'd seen it in the black shine of the Elite membership card, in the lines of cockroaches beneath Dive's tables, in the plush of his private suite's bed, and in the open-mouthed cries of the Mortys on leashes.

On the surface, it was easy to blame the Morty Craze for the mile-wide gap between Elite and common-Ricks, with Mortys shoved to the bottom of the dung pile. Decrepitude was just as rampant as gluttonous vanity within the Citadel with no room for any in-between.

But Chi had told him things had started going bad even before that, when—

The Author laid the R card down next. "It all began with the Rick that you know as Riq."

At the very mention of the name, the Eun-Ricks bowed their heads in unison, mumbling something in hushed tones. While Rick couldn't make out what they were saying, he had the sense it wasn't a sign of respect so much as a desperate prayer.

Mouse visibly trembled beside him, and even Rick had a sudden uptick of adrenaline that made his heart pound.

"Somehow I'm not surprised," Rick laughed bitterly, hoping that a little lightheartedness would put Mouse's worries at ease. "So what did that psycho do?" As the Author placed the V card beside the others—again, in no particular order that Rick could discern—he tried answering his own question. "Rig the votes to nab the seat as council head? O-or maybe vaporize anyone who stood in his way? What? You gonna tell me he's a vampire or something?"

"He was vain," came the simple answer.

Too simple. "Yeah, and what Rick isn't vain?" He fumed, clutching a fistful of his hair. "Jeezus, tell me something I don't know. What about the Code Yellows? What about the goddamn Galactic Federation conspiracy? You're not gonna tell me that's how Riq fucked up your precious Symmetry?"

Rick's tirade fell on deaf ears as the Author continued, undaunted.

"Yes. All Ricks are vain to a degree, and all Ricks seek power. But Riq—Riq's vanity knew no bounds..." With that, the Author suddenly wilted against Grim's chest with a sigh, as though the very topic had grown too heavy for him to bear.

While Weepy fretted over the Author, wiping his sweat-sheened brow, Grim continued with the explanation seamlessly. "The Symmetry of the cosmos would normally never allow a single Rick to amass so much power. But Riq found a way to circumvent the laws of nature."

"He knew he could never accomplish all that he wanted alone." Smiles chimed in with an excitement that bordered on panic.

"B-but he was too d-distrustful to seek the help of others." Weepy, too, had grown more agitated over the course of the conversation. Tears ran freely down his cheeks as he tended to the Author.

Even Grim's authoritative tone did little to diffuse the energy that was steadily rising. "He scoured the universe for a way—"

"A-a way to duplicate—"

"As they say, when you want something done right—"

"Multiplicity would be the key—"

By now, the Eun-Ricks were talking over each other so quickly and so sporadically that Rick found it impossible to follow. Just as the cross-talk reached an apex, Rick slammed his hands on the floor hard enough to make the cups rattle on the tray.

"Time out! Would everyone just shut the fuck up!"

Everyone stilled.

Rick looked pointedly at the Author. "What are they going on about? What did Riq do?"

Still curled in the crook of Grim's arm, the Author kept his eyes closed, as he let another card slip from his hand to fall loosely next to the others.

E.

"Why don't you ask him yourself?"

"What do you mean 'ask him'? He's not exactly in earshot." He licked his lips, brow furrowed as he tried to wrestle with this latest riddle. "I mean, your Eun-Ricks haven't been making much sense. They're just—" The E card stared mutely back at him. "Just—" His voice trailed off.

The Eun-Ricks?

As Rick looked between one Eun-Rick and another, trying to see past their identical features for some sort of answer, the Author's quiet voice reached his ears. "Riq had intended to create more of himself."

Cloning? Rick sniffed. The technology was simple enough, but no Rick had ever wasted his time with it. The process was widely regarded as superfluous. Why clone yourself, when there were dozens more of you just a portal jump away?

Egotistical prick doesn't know when to quit.

"But the cloning experiment was a failure. Rather than being one man made into four, he became one man divided. Riq became..."

"Riq I," Grim said.

"II," Smiles added, holding up two fingers in a mockery of the peace sign.

"III," Weepy hiccuped around another sob.

"And IV," the Author finally finished. "The Riq that you know as the Council leader."

For a while, no one spoke, a pregnant pause filling the room. Mouse was the first to break the silence, his panicked gasp stabbing through Rick's shock.

"N-no! How can you be Riq, w-when he's a—" Fright and dismay distorted his features, as he stumbled back. He pressed himself against the wall, hand raised in front of him, ready to fend off an attack.

Rick was quick to pull Mouse under his arm, murmuring quiet encouragement as he ran a hand down his trembling back.

From what he'd been able to piece together, Riq had been the ringleader to Mouse's suffering, and it was no wonder that being in the same room as Riq—or one-fourth of him, evidently—had him so shaken.

"We are each only one part of Riq, dear Master," Smiles offered, trying to dispel Mouse's fears.

Grim added, "And as such, we are incapable of the kind of wickedness that fuels him."

"J-just as Riq IV is equally incapable of—of feeling true sorrow."

"Or joy!"

"Or patience."

As each Eun-Rick spoke in turn, realization dawned on Rick. The strange, niggling feeling he'd had while in their presence, that incompleteness, suddenly made sense. Their temperaments weren't merely eccentricities to write off—they were temperaments!

Happiness, sadness, stoicism—and with Riq, rage—the Eun-Ricks were distilled essences of pure emotion, each a single facet of the whole.

"It was impossible to sustain any semblance of harmony after that. Before long, one of the four parts over—overpowered the others—" The Author's breath had suddenly become labored, and he stopped short to cough fitfully.

Grim was quick to lean the Author forward as he wheezed, holding him easily with a splayed palm over his chest. With his other hand, he pressed the tips of his fingers against two points on the Author's back just below the nape. Rick and Mouse exchanged anxious looks.

Weepy turned away to bury his face in his robe. "He knew this w-would happen," he sobbed.

"Because it must happen." Grim's reply was callous even as he continued stroking the Author's back. Gradually, his coughing eased.

"W-what's wrong with—" Mouse started, drawing himself away from Rick, but then fell quiet as his eyes glazed over. When he lifted his head again, Rick saw tears on his cheeks. "H-he's dying."

"Whoa. Jeez, Mouse. It's—it's just a little cough." Rick wrapped his hand around Mouse to pull him into a half-hug, suddenly feeling compelled to protect him. Seeing another Morty so similar to his lover giving what sounded like a death-rattle made his heart seize. "No need to jump to extremes."

"No. It is as The One True Morty says," Smiles said, a tinge of worry coloring his composure. "The Author is not meant for this world much longer. As he nears the completion of his purpose, his life nears its end." He gave Rick a pitying smile. "We knew what it would mean bringing you here, but—"

"No!" As weak as it was, the Author's voice cut off the Eun-Rick's sentence, small but sharp as a dagger. "This is how it h-has to—has to be." He stopped to suppress another spasm. The Eun-Ricks waited patiently until the Author roused himself back into a sitting position. His pale cheeks were splotched pink from the exertion, but he still held an air of aplomb, bony and ragged as he was, atop his throne.

"Let me help!" Mouse startled Rick with his sudden outburst. "If it'll make it easier—" His eyes were locked straight ahead on an unseen speaker as he held a hand to his own chest. "But I could—it's too much!" His voice cracked, brows scrunched tightly together. He was clearly losing the argument. Before long, Mouse only bowed his head, resignation clear in the curve of his back. "All right. We're listening," he said softly.

After taking another minute for recovery, the Author resumed his exposition.

"As I was saying, Riq IV overpowered his other selves. He considered himself superior to the rest, and in his spite, he had Riq I, II, and III banished from the Citadel. But not before—" He lowered his eyes. "Well, you saw how twisted his sense of humor can be. He called it a parting gesture."

Rick cringed at the memory of the Eun-Rick lifting his robe.

He raised a hand. "Wait. Maybe I'm stating the obvious here, but if Riq wanted them out of the picture, then how are they still even here? That maniac doesn't seem the type to do anything half-assed." He winced to himself. Too close?

While the Author took another drink to soothe his throat, Grim answered. "The division resulted in corrupting his memories of his own origins, and now Riq IV believes he is and has always been the only Riq. It is also what has allowed us to remain here in safety." He ran a finger down the thin bandage on his cheek. "Well, relatively speaking."

An H was placed next in the line of letters, which by now had grown substantially long. "In the beginning, Riq I, II, and III were just as ignorant, their identifies hidden even from themselves. Until I called them to me."

Smiles touched his forehead to the back of the Author's limp hand. "And we are only too grateful for having heard you."

The Author smiled weakly in return before continuing. "The Book of Morty was taken from me, and I was—" He paused, eyes downcast as though looking into the past. "Mouse is not the only one who has suffered as part of his purpose," he finished bleakly.

Grim shooed his brother off to raise the Author's hand to his own bowed forehead. "After the Author gifted us with his teachings, the truth was made clear. We then lived in hiding until taking up our positions."

"A-and watched the Master, The One, ever close at hand." The gesture was repeated by Weepy.

"And, uh, the Bitch-Rick? She in on all of this too?" It was hard for Rick to imagine how the Eun-Ricks would still tolerate playing servants for that broad in light of everything they knew.

"Ah, the one you know as Mama Eun-Rick." With a shake of his head, the Author's voice was surprisingly full of fondness rather than spite. "She is just another misguided Rick, brought into your path for a reason."

Misguided? Well, that's one word for it.

"There are many more, just like her, who are now realizing the fallacy of the Council. Yet another symptom of your union."

The Author laid out the next card from his nearly depleted pile.

W.

"The purpose for which you have traveled your entire lives to fulfill is this: to restore Symmetry that Riq has torn asunder by making him—"

"Whole," Mouse completed the sentence for him.

"Yes," the Author replied, sounding as delighted as Rick was surprised.

"And just how exactly do we do that?" Up until a few minutes ago, Rick had never known it was even possible to split oneself into four different walking personalities, so the idea of rejoining them sounded equally implausible. Somehow he doubted that this came with easy-to-follow instructions.

"It is only when The One True Rick and The One True Morty work in unity that this can ultimately be achieved."

Called it.

Rick was just about to roll his eyes, when he felt Mouse nudge him in the side. It was then that he realized the Author had placed the last and final card, L. Spread out before them was now the phrase:

LUVISNOWHERE

"Look closely. What do you both see?"

Beside him, Mouse gasped, but Rick just crossed his arms. Even with the blatant misspelling, the message was clear. He reached out to move the cards apart to create a space between the words:

LUV IS NOWHERE

The Eun-Ricks sucked in a sharp inhale, having watched the exchange closely.

"No, Rick," Mouse said. He readjusted the cards himself. "It goes like this."

LUV IS NOW HERE

Rick stared, perplexed by the new message and inexplicably embarrassed by it. It was strange now that he hadn't seen that before, but he'd simply gone with the first thing that stood out to him.

In Grim's lap, the Author cocked his head, studying the cards, his voice treading carefully. "This is unexpected," he said at last with a small smile. "It seems that although The One True Rick is meant to awaken The One True Morty, so must The One True Morty awaken The One True Rick." Then he paused and closed his eyes. "But for now, it is time you rested. You will find sanctuary here for the night. One of the Eun-Ricks will show you to your quarters." At the word, Smiles rose to his feet and padded his way to the entrance.

The energy of the room had soured so strongly, Rick could almost taste it. As he got up, looking at the message Mouse had left on the floor, he couldn't shake the feeling that the odd, little word game carried more weight to it than he thought. Even Mouse had gone quiet, his shoulders hunched while he clutched the Rickelations papers in his arms.

"Thanks again, uh, for the tea. I guess," Rick said nervously. Smiles held the curtain of metal nuts to the side with a bow. Just as they were about to step through to leave, the Author called out weakly behind them.

"Just remember, Rick. There will still be many trials for you both to face. You won't want to have any regrets when your bond is truly tested."

As the curtain swung closed behind them, Rick mulled over the Author's ominous words. He squeezed Mouse's shoulders, hoping to reassure him as much as himself.

The dream was always the same.

A mass of splintered moments whittled down to a handful of images that repeated in a loop: a ring of shadowed faces. Gnarled hands reaching for him. Wordless voices no more than grating, white noise. And then a dazzling, green whirlpool.

Without fail, Mouse would always awaken in a cold sweat. Whether curled up in his meager bed, his teeth chattering, or nestled in the satin sheets of the winner's bed with a warm body splayed across him, the dream would leave him shaking and his heart pumping with adrenaline.

In those brief moments of in-between, before consciousness took him away entirely, Mouse would look back at the whirlpool, and he'd wonder why it left him so panicked. Yet the harder Mouse tried to chase after the dream, the more quickly it would sift through his fingers. In the end, the memory would fade to nothingness, and Mouse would forget it'd ever been.

Just as it happened when Mouse awoke this time.

For a moment, he lay still on his side, eyes closed, waiting for the phantom terror to retreat and for his heart to cease its wild pounding. He was in no rush to greet the day—the sight of his barren, little room would only remind him of the nightmare hecouldn't wake from.

He shifted against the coarse sheets and—no, not coarse. Soft—silky, even—and warm.

The winner's suite, then?

He squirmed again, and something tickled his cheek. It was fur, softer than any rabbit's coat, and it made Mouse feel an inexplicable calm. The bed in the winner's suite didn't have fur. And with that strange but soothing touch came the gradual realization of where he was.

With a deep breath, he took in the smells around him—something sharp like spices and a hint of that dry kind of musk unique to old books.

The Eun-Ricks' home.

That's right. After giving Mouse and Rick use of the modest bathroom to relieve themselves and wash up, the Eun-Rick with the kind eyes had shown them here. From the way he had moved about with such familiarity, it was clear that they were occupying hisbedroom for tonight, but when Mouse tried to apologize for putting him out, he would hear nothing of it.

The Eun-Rick had just peeled back the covers to the bed, giving Mouse a knowing smile, and left them with a generous nose-to-floor bow.

Now Mouse willed his eyelids to open.

Blue brindled fur filled his vision where it was curled up in his loose fist. Each exhale made the fine hairs quiver, the color shifting from cerulean to zaffre beneath the glow of a nearby candle—or, rather, candles. Three stout spires rose from a shared pool of melted wax on the nightstand—a mama, papa, and baby candle all in one. They greeted Mouse with a back-and-forth wave of their flames.

Sleep cocooning his mind, Mouse looked around slowly to take in his surroundings. The bedroom was no bigger than the sitting area he'd been in earlier and equally as cozy. Skyscrapers of books made a miniature metropolis in the crowded space, standing sentinel to the room's single bed.

On the small table near Mouse was a bundle of papers, bound with twine. The Book of Morty. He'd set it there, intending to read it, before sleep overtook him. Beside the book was a wooden pencil, no doubt belonging to the smiling Eun-Rick. Even from where Mouse lay, he could make out the peculiar pockmarks that riddled its sides.

They were bite marks.

Mouse had seen it often enough with his clients to know that it was a quirk among all Ricks: They had a tendency to bite or chew or simply mouth whatever was in easy reach, dragging whatever they had in hand across their bottom lip.

An oral fixation, Rick had called it.

To Mouse, it'd sounded like a treatment for some kind of disease.

What are they trying to fix?

That was last night. They had been lying together side by side, loose and playful and electric with afterglow. Mouse had asked the question when he caught Rick absentmindedly running Mouse's knuckles across his lips while they chatted in low whispers. Rick had only chuckled in reply, already planting kisses on the pads of Mouse's fingers.

Something that can't be fixed, Mouse.

He'd then had no shame in showing off the full extent of his "fixation" to Mouse the rest of that night.

Mouse shivered again, this time not from a cold sweat but from a wave of heat that suddenly rushed through him at the memory.

Had it really just been last night? It'd felt like ages. He marveled at how far they'd come. A little over a day ago—if even that—he'd still been the Council's pet, trapped in a cycle of auctions and torture. Of winning Ricks and nasty pills. Of loneliness and denial.

But now that was behind him. Now he was safe and warm, standing at the precipice of a new chapter.

And it had all started with six simple words: If that's what you want, Mouse.

Rick's answer to Mouse's silent request had been the catalyst for everything that had happened. For the first time in his life, someone had listened to him, had let his wants have a voice. It was the momentous first step in transforming Mouse from slave…

For all the years that you have been denied your desires, you grant them for your brethren, and they are all the freer for it.

...to savior.

The One True Morty, destined to bring freedom to all Mortys.

Though they wore no visible chains, the Mortys were just like him: captives within the Citadel. It'd wrung his heart to see them silenced into submission just as he had been. But now he was going to set them free. It was just as Rick had said. He really was meant for something greater.

But greatness wouldn't come with death-defying heroics or delivering rousing speeches to a crowd of thousands. No, it would be much subtler than that.

He gives them agency, the courage to take what they want.

The Author's explanation of Mouse's role as The One True Morty had bewildered him at first, but now he was beginning to understand. Too often, he'd been distracted by his own pleasure at the time to realize it, but thinking back on it, he could see it in the blown-wide eyes of the Mortys that surrounded him at CentRick Park, their fingers restless and roaming, their minds illuminated by the same mysterious message:

The One True Morty's desires awaken our own.

Whenever Mouse pursued what he wanted, he invariably inspired it in others too.

Even now, Mouse could feel something inside of him growing, rising to fulfill his purpose. It felt like something too big to fit, making his skin prickle as he squirmed beneath the sheets.

Heat swiftly swept his frame with a fierceness that had Mouse's body pulsing all over. He arched, letting it undulate through him as he stretched luxuriously. Earlier, he'd been only too glad to be rid of his stifling shirt and jeans before tumbling into bed naked, and now every nerve was hungry for stimulation. They sang at the slide of soft fabric against his skin, inciting but not quite enough. He needed something weightier, something hotter, something alive.

Reflexively, his hands clenched and unclenched at his sides, uncertain of what to do, even as another part of him screamed for attention—the part that now lay thick and heavy on his thigh.

"Hey, babe. Glad to see you up," Rick's voice came from across the room.

With a start, Mouse sat upright. The blanket pooled at his waist, letting in the cool air of the room. Part of him thought to pull the cover back over himself, wanting to give in to that knee-jerk impulse to hide, but then his eyes locked on Rick, and all thoughts of modesty left him.

With an arm slung casually over the top of a dresser, Rick's lithe frame was made all the longer by a provocative tilt of his hips and cant of his neck. His legs were crossed as he slouched back, a tiger in repose. But the intensity of his gaze and that cunning grin belied his relaxed posture. Rick looked like a man on a mission, and his sights were currently set on Mouse.

It set Mouse's blood running hot.

"Whoa, there," Rick purred. "What's got you so hot and bothered?" He suddenly scowled. "W-what? No! N-not you!" He pressed a pair of fingers to his right temple, flapping his other hand in Mouse's direction as he ducked his head. "I was talking to Mouse." Rick laughed at something that was said across the wireless communication. "Yeah, you wish, Chi. Anyway, like I was saying..."

While Rick returned to his conversation, Mouse dropped back onto the pillows with an exasperated huff.

Rick had mentioned that he'd be getting in touch with Chi during Mouse's impromptu nap, and it looked like he was still in the middle of it. Even though Mouse knew perfectly well that it was necessary—it's not like he'd forgotten they were on a mission to overthrow the Council itself—he lacked his usual patience.

Mouse's fever had been piqued by that brief but heated look, and he wished that Rick would touch him and soothe away this maddening itch inside him like he usually did. Instead, he was left to—

Take care of it himself.

Now, there was an idea. Not touching himself was something that had been instilled in him thanks to Mama Eun-Rick's disciplining, to the point where he felt like a stranger in his own body. Sure, he could bring a Rick to climax easily enough—the winning Ricks had been cruel but thorough teachers on the matter—but none of that had ever translated to himself.

Then, over the past week, Rick had shown Mouse the splendor of a pleasure meant for only himself. With the slightest touch, he could reduce Mouse to a shaking, sweating mess. True to his word, Rick was becoming an expert on the subject of him, and now Mouse had come to associate Rick as the sole source of his pleasure.

But what about when Rick wasn't available? Mouse paused to think, a blush warming his face. It was almost embarrassing that he was only now realizing that the solution had been in his own hands all along.

"Trust me, Chi. It's a good thing. This means we can jumpstart things even sooner. You send out the call yet?"

Rick's one-sided conversation continued as Mouse propped the pillows up so that he could recline comfortably against the wall. Although the term "comfortable" was relative. He was so new to this, the prospect of what he was about to attempt filled him with anxiety.

For living with this body his entire life, he felt like he were meeting it for the first time. Gripping the corner of the cushion behind him, he let his free hand wander aimlessly down his front. He didn't know where to start, but he figured he would start simple: neck, collar, down one shoulder.

Initially, his skin simply bristled where he passed over it, his body resisting this unfamiliar visitor. But as he traced the same paths that Rick had taken before, his mind focused on thoughts of his lover's skilled hands and even more skilled tongue, his skin gradually loosened beneath his caresses. While not as intense as Rick's touch, it was still satisfying in its own way, and he sunk deeper into the cushions with a content sigh.

This was nice.

A choked cough made him glance up, and he caught Rick staring at him. Rick's throat bobbed as he swallowed, brow inching closer to his hairline.

Mouse allowed himself a mischievous grin, remembering that his thoughts weren't so private, after all, thanks to the Resonance.

Yes. This was going to be very nice.

He paused to wrestle the sheets the rest of the way off him then spread his legs out on top of the blanket. The fur was soft and luxurious behind his thighs, and he wriggled in place just to relish the tactile caress.

Much better.

From beyond the foot of the bed, Rick blushed harder, and his posture stiffened. There was something about having Rick look but not touch that made Mouse's heart crowd his throat. This was a whole other level of control he hadn't considered before. To be wanted was amazing enough already, but this was different—this was controlling his pleasure from every facet.

A short excursion across his chest revealed that he had a ticklish spot in the center of his sternum and that he preferred a featherlight touch to his nipples. Soon his hand wandered lower, following the dip and swell of his tummy, the brush of happy trail below his belly button.

His cock twitched just south of it, and he swallowed, hand coming to a stop. Now he was really entering forbidden territory. But he knew to take cues from Rick. Indulging himself in the private theater of his mind, he replayed the memories of how Rick had touched him and stroked his hand down his length. Fingers wrapping around him. Just. Like.

This.

A loud clatter interrupted his expedition. When Mouse peeked over, Rick was now clutching clumsily to the side of the dresser, legs wobbly beneath him.

"Y-yeah! Yeah. I'm here," Rick stammered over ORA's intranet. "Right. The thi—the gun! So you got the gun working again?" Rick ran his hand through his hair, before sliding it down to pull at the collar of his jumpsuit as he huffed out a mouthful of air.

Come.

Mouse spread his knees wider, the invitation louder than any Resonance.

Rick's cheek burned brighter, if that were even possible, his eyes fixed on the steady up-and-down rhythm of Mouse's hand on his cock. "Yes! Yes, already! I get that you're a f-fuckin' genius, Chi!" He was already stumbling forward, his steps uncertain but with conquest obvious in his eyes.

Come to me, Rick.

"Look, Chi. Just tell them it's a go. Prep supplies for at least a hundred of our brothers." Whether Rick was nodding to Chi or to Mouse, it wasn't clear, but he barrelled through the rest of the conversation, eager to wrap it up, "I don't care anymore! Just make sure it happens. Now I really gotta go! We'll talk later!"

Rick barely made it to the foot of the bed before collapsing to his knees, arms splayed out in front of him. He buried his face in the fur throw, going limp, as though he'd died on the spot.

"Mouse, y-you can't just—this poor old man's heart can't take so much cockteasing!" he grumbled, his words muffled in the thick plush. He turned his head to the side, looking up at Mouse, a beggar at the steps of a cathedral. "Fuck yeah, I'm about ready to start begging," he groaned.

It was incredible to see Rick succumbed to this. Just hours earlier in the Author's tearoom, Rick had been uncooperative and irritable—a rabid animal in a trap. Now he was on his knees at Mouse's command.

"Was I—was I interrupting? It sounded important."

Rick grunted, raking a hand through his hair. "Of course. Fuck, Mouse. We're supposed to be leading a revolution, and here are you just—what's gotten into you, babe?" Still prostrate on the bed, he reached forward and ran a finger along the inside of Mouse's ankle.

It was as good as if Rick had wrapped his lips around Mouse's cock itself, which now gave a sympathetic twitch in response. Mouse tried to suppress a gasp and failed. It didn't make sense. He'd been by Rick's side every moment for the past day, and still that single touch sent a new flood of wetness trickling down his behind.

"Y-you're the one who's making me—making me like this," Mouse huffed. To illustrate his point, he twisted his fist to the head of his cock while the other hand smoothed down to circle his anus. Rick's eyes followed the entire time as Mouse slid his fingers through the warm slick there and then held them up to Rick.

Rick was already moving before even needing to be given the order. Moaning his gratitude, he shimmied onto the bed on his elbows until he was within reach. Then he stretched forward, stuck out his tongue, and licked.

The sight—the feel of Rick lapping at his fingers to savor every trace of his wetness had Mouse's stomach doing flips. If Mouse thought he was turned on before, now he was almost delirious with need. His breath came faster, the thick haze of lust filling his brain, suffocating.

Ever since the talk with the Author, he'd felt insatiable, like a bonfire had been lit inside him, cajoling him to feed it, stoke it, make it blaze. At the heart of that inferno, however, one thought rang louder above all else: He wanted Rick.

Rick smirked, propping his chin on one hand. "You sure? Looks like you've got things under control just fine," he drawled, tracing his finger up Mouse's inner thigh while staying clear of his pulsating hole.

"Mm!" His hand continuing its steady pace, Mouse squirmed, subtly trying to direct Rick's fingers to touch him where he wanted. But Rick stubbornly remained just out of reach. With that cocky smirk in place, Rick chuckled from between Mouse's legs, letting the occasional puff of air tickle his privates.

"Yeah. You won't even need me at this rate."

"No!" Mouse protested. "I-I need you! I'll always need you, Rick. Because y-you're my—"

For a moment, Rick looked confused. Then realization smoothed his brow as he figured out the steps of the dance. He nodded slowly. "That's right. I'm your Counterpart."

Mouse keened, the simple word striking a chord within him. Yes. Rick wasn't like any other Rick. Mouse had always known it himself, but to have the Author echo the same sentiment in more grandiose terms felt like having the very cosmos validate him.

And the only thing greater than being told that he had a destiny waiting for him was to know that he wouldn't have to face that destiny alone.

"The Counterpart to The One True Morty," Rick continued as he crept up to brace himself over Mouse.

Rick's body heat was palpable through his clothes, and Mouse quickened his pace along his shaft as he drank in his scent. His cock swelled thicker, his heart swelling in kind. He couldn't even string two words together, though his mind was running a mile a minute, repeating the same phrase again and again.

"I know, Mouse." Rick sounded husky as he pressed his forehead to Mouse's. "But 'One True Rick' is just so—kinda pretentious, don't ya think?" He winked.

"R-Rick," Mouse panted around a quivering smile, eyes shining with want.

Then Rick's fingers pressed against his entrance, drawing a shuddered moan from Mouse. Clasping a hand around Rick's wrist, Mouse pulled him forward, guiding him in. His hole clench fiercely around Rick's fingers, slick oozing out from under them to drip in hot rivulets down his bottom as Rick pumped in and out.

Mouse gazed up at Rick, enraptured by the way the candles' flames colored his skin and made the hollow of his throat more pronounced when he swallowed. They glittered like torches within his eyes, now made storm-gray blue by Rick's own lust.

"Th-then what I should I c-call you?" His voice was warbled, and he didn't care.

"Why don't you just call me...yours?"

Any attempt at maintaining self-control dissipated beneath that smoldering gaze, and Mouse felt his heart pound at the base of his cock, a drum following the beat of his burgeoning orgasm.

He panted Rick's name again, his hole beginning to clamp down around Rick's invading fingers. His muscles drew tight, and his hand began to lose all sense of rhythm or technique. Now was just about friction.

Rick curled his fingers inside him, and that was all it took.

Like a wire wound too tight, Mouse snapped. Throwing his head back against the pillow, his orgasm ripped through him. Distantly, he registered that Rick's hand moved with him. Still nestled in up to the knuckle, Rick kneaded him on the inside as Mouse's climax pulsed wave after wave from his cock.

Part of his soul felt like it was being dragged down through his core and out along with his release. Drawn clear off the bed as though to follow after, he arched and strained, his legs quaking where they held him aloft. Then, like a candle snuffed out by a heavy sigh, the orgasm left him, and he crashed back onto the bed.

Spent, Mouse flopped his arms to either side, hands curled in weak fists. His chest heaved with each breath as he stared numbly at the ceiling. Dark wooden rafters crossed the breadth of it, charcoal portraits hanging from the occasional crooked nail. They were the same ones Mouse had drawn, and it amazed him that the Eun-Ricks had never thrown them out when they'd cleaned his room but had instead kept every single one.

Rick slipped his fingers from Mouse, a string of slick dangling off their tips before catching to the inside of his thigh. Mouse shivered lightly when cool air brushed his twitching entrance.

The mattress dipped as Rick sat back on his heels. He chuckled and then said, "I swear, I'll never get tired of seeing you like this—"

Something banged loudly on the other side of the door, startling Rick mid-sentence. Mouse turned his head lazily to the direction of the sound, already imagining what was occupying their hosts.

Rick made a face. "Really? All—all four of them?"

"They can't help themselves," Mouse sighed. He then shakily pushed himself up to sit. Clutching the front of Rick's coat, he pressed his cum-smeared belly against it then drew him closer to huff against his lips, "Not when I'm like this."

They kissed, Mouse diving his tongue inside to taste Rick completely as he grasped Rick's lapels. Rather than pull him forward, however, he pushed back, tugging the garment off of Rick's shoulders and making him gasp in surprise.

He chuckled around the kiss, "And what exactly is 'this'?" The question came out a growl, as he shrugged off the coat. "'Insatiable'? Yeah, I'd say that's about right." He almost lowered his hands to his belt but stopped, already knowing to let Mouse take the lead.

The gesture would never lose its potency to Mouse, whose heart thrilled at the invitation for him to make a move.

"They feel what I feel." He cupped Rick's erection. "And right now, I feel like having you."

Rick gave a guttural moan, the bulge in his pants hefting forward eagerly. "Babe." He shook his head, laughing. "I dunno how I feel about e-everyone—the whole Citadel knowing about it every time we're about to—ngh!" He grunted as Mouse popped open the button to his pants.

"R-remember your promise, Rick?"

The next time we're alone together, I'm gonna make you forget your own name.

The scrape of the zipper was loud in the quiet room. Rick nodded, just a stiff twitch of his head up and down, focused on Mouse relieving him of his trousers. Rick was quick to shimmy out of them, letting his shoes tumble forgotten to the floor.

While Rick was busy shucking off his top, Mouse slipped his fingers over the band of his underwear and peeled them over the crest of his hips and down.

"You're going to—y-you're gonna keep your promise, right, Rick?"

Once freed, Rick's erect cock bobbed between his thighs like a wolf sniffing out its prey. Its musk, appetizing as a four-course meal, filled Mouse's sinuses as he lay back and held Rick close with his arms looped around his neck.

This was different from their prior embrace. This time, they were content to simply lie there and explore each other, every scar and wrinkle mapped out with care, wanting to memorize and be memorized. The once raging pyre was now a crackling hearth, warm and comforting yet strong enough to see them through the night.

The Resonances still sang with Mouse's most torrid desire, though, and before long, Rick had to answer it.

Cradled in Rick's arms, Mouse let himself be rolled onto his side, spooned against his chest. With each deep inhale, Mouse was rocked forward, the soothing movement almost lulling him to sleep.

He didn't want to sleep, though.

"But you'll need your rest," Rick pointed out playfully, resting his chin in the center of Mouse's mohawk. He slipped a leg between Mouse's thighs where the slick was beginning to cool into a tacky mess. "No, it's not disgusting." Then he chuckled. "And, yes, people would think I'm crazy for talking to myself out loud like this."

Mouse giggled and cuddled into Rick's embrace, reaching back to kiss the bottom of his jaw. Rick's appreciation came in the form of a deep hum and gentle prodding of rigid flesh at his backside.

These were the cues Mouse had to go by, with no thoughts to guide him, the way Rick had.

Not for the first time, Mouse wished he could read Rick's mind just as easily as Rick was reading his. So often the Resonances were a blessing, sparing Mouse the struggle to find the words to say. Years of being denied a voice made it difficult for Mouse to have the courage to speak, let alone articulate his thoughts. But with just the right caress down his side or a sweet suckle at his earlobe, as Rick was doing now, Mouse could share his every wish without the cumbersome weight of words.

Like my feelings for Rick.

Rick's hand stumbled almost imperceptibly along its trek.

Does Rick feel the same way?

A row of red-lettered cards sprang to mind, parsed into two different messages. It'd seemed like an innocent difference in understanding at the time, but Mouse's and Rick's interpretations of the cards had prompted the Author to leave them with a rather dire message: You won't want to have any regrets when your bond is truly tested.

What had he meant by that? Was there something Rick hadn't done yet? Or Mouse, for that matter?

Something that hadn't been...said?

Love is nowhere. Love is now here. Love is nowhere. Love is now here.

"Mouse." Rick's voice was pinched as he suddenly hugged Mouse tighter.

Love is nowhere. Love is now here. Love is now here.

Love is now here.

He furrowed his brow, on the verge of—of something. A breakthrough. Something important.

Love is—

"Mouse, I—"

Something that needed words.

A collage of thoughts jumbled together in his head, cluttering up the pathway between his mind and his tongue. One second the answer was there, and the next it would disappear, Mouse only catching glimpses of it through a thick grove of questions.

He twisted in Rick's grasp, his search for Rick's mouth mirroring his hunt for the right words. He wanted to kiss him while he said them. He wanted to breathe them onto his lips.

Finally, he pierced through the chaos and grabbed onto the one truth he was searching for.

He opened his eyes.

"I love you, Rick."

Clarity came to him like dawn dispelling the night. He could practically see the gnarled clot inside his mind begin to unwind, laying itself out straight and clear. The answer in all its simplicity.

"I love you," he said again, enjoying the weightlessness of those words on his tongue. Glorious and crisp and alive.

Say you love me too.

"I—" Rick nestled his face in the back of Mouse's neck, his breath hot across his skin. "You know I—"

Say it. Mouse squirmed against Rick's burning rod. He angled his hips, lifted, felt the tip nudging him in avid greeting.

"Rick, say it." It came out more as a plea than a command. He was already rearing back, lowering down, welcoming Rick's cock like a sword to its sheathe. Rick moaned a curse, clutching Mouse across the chest. His callused fingers reached up to caress his throat as he restrained himself from bucking up on automatic.

"Fuck!" he gasped. His shaft slid in to the hilt with little resistance, coated in wet heat, Mouse nestled comfortably in his lap. They were a lock and key united. Rick nuzzled Mouse's nape, kissing and mouthing along every inch he could reach. "O-of course I love you. I love you so—so fucking much, Mouse!" He choked out another sob as Mouse clenched around him in answer.

Although smothered, the words rang clear as bells in Mouse's ear. Alight with pure joy, he reached back to caress Rick's cheek, his other hand gripping Rick's arm around his chest. As he entwined their fingers and began to move, he inundated Rick with unspoken praise. His deepest feelings for Rick played out as a symphonic performance in his mindscape.

Mouse arched back in rhythm with Rick's thrusts, the two rocking back and forth to the song of love. Their love.

Like a piano gradually brought back into tune, with every utterance, the words came easier to Rick.

"I love you, Mouse. I was a fucking coward," he gritted out, clutching Mouse like he were a drowning man. "I don't just careabout you. You're so much more to me than that. And I couldn't—couldn't even say it."

Mouse shook his head, clenching his eyes shut. "I-I know, Rick." Fingers dug into Rick's forearm as he braced himself against the sexual assault on his nerves. "I-I've always known. Just—I n-n-needed to hear it."

Still refusing to relinquish his hold, Rick stroked his fingers up Mouse's throat to dip them into his panting mouth. Mouse moaned, lapping at them with uncoordinated licks, tasting Rick's sweat and the blunt sweetness of his own slick on them. Being filled at both ends by Rick made his heart tremble with borderline fear and outright elation.

Nothing could compare to this. Rick's long fingers and even longer cock played him like an instrument. Pleasure struck up its chorus once more within him, and he accompanied it as best he could in quivering moans and hitched gasps.

"You're too good for this—for anything. Mouse, the multiverse can't contain you. It'll never be the same now." He nuzzled his nose behind Mouse's ear and breathed deeply. "You just don't know it yet."

You just don't know it yet.

The same words, spoken in Rick's voice echoed in his head—but it wasn't Rick. Instead of being reassuring, the words suddenly turned caustic and invasive. They sliced through Mouse's subconscious like a viper through the grass, tearing him from the pleasure that filled him. He jerked his head to the side beneath the phantom strike with a gasp.

Rick noticed the reaction immediately. "Mouse?" He withdrew his fingers from Mouse's mouth.

A ring of faceless strangers in the dark. Spidery hands reaching out to hurt him.

Mouse mewled, burrowing his head into the pillow. He wanted to hide from the frightening images. They were strange and disturbing and oddly familiar. Like something from an old, old dream.

Behind him, Rick was silent, and even his movements had slowed as though he were preoccupied with something else. Mouse could imagine—could almost feel Rick searching his mind for an explanation of what had gone wrong. He was opening too many doors, peeling back strips of wallpaper, lifting the floorboards.

He was going to find out. He was going to see it for himself.

"No!" Mouse shouted, eyes flying open. He flailed his arms, pushing against Rick to free himself. From what exactly, he didn't know, but an unplaceable guilt, sour and ridiculing, was already bubbling up from some hidden depth.

Rick only clung tighter.

"Mouse, calm down!" His arms were a straightjacket around him, locking Mouse firmly in place despite his struggles. "Mouse, it's okay. Tell me what it is. I'm—I'm here, Mouse." His voice sounded broken. He was already beginning to see it.

The Last Night.

Mouse sobbed, dragging his nails along the back of Rick's hand where it was wrapped around his cock. But Rick hushed and cooed to him, angled his hips the way Mouse liked it, stroked him with just the right pressure. There was nothing Mouse could do, but—

"Show me, Mouse. It won't change anything. I'll still—I'll be right here."

Each word was picking away at Mouse's walls, letting in the memories that he'd suppressed for so long.

"Please. Let me in," Rick whispered, his grasp firm but gentle.

And with that, Mouse let go.

Like the teeth of some gruesomely grinning monster, the memories revealed themselves to him. He was frightened to look into that waiting maw, but he knew he wasn't alone. With his eyes and cock leaking salty tears, he let Rick reach inside and pull the memory from its resting place to lay it bare.

Daddy had hit mommy.

Mouse didn't even remember why. There didn't ever seem to be a reason for it, as far as Mouse could tell. All he knew was that he'd had enough of it and had tried to protect Mommy that day.

The smack of his father's hand had been fire across his face. The force of it threw him against the wall where he'd crumpled like a ragdoll. Oh, how he'd cried. He'd never felt pain like that before, and even after Mommy kissed it all better and he told her it was okay, it still kept him awake that night in his bed.

I hate Daddy! He'd meant it with every fiber of his being.

His rage was too fierce to allow for sleep, so he remained curled on his side, touching his cheek where it was still tender. He shut his eyes tight and wished and wished and wished that he'd never see him again!

Daddy was always mean. Always angry and then yelling at Mommy and Summer and him. It wasn't fair! Mommy was always nice to Mouse. She even took Mouse for ice cream whenever Daddy was in a really bad mood. She didn't do anything wrong.

Daddy was the one who was wrong. Daddy was the problem.

Mouse tightened his hands into fists, his teeth clenched.

"I hate Daddy and I wish he'd go away forever!"

"Consider it done," came a voice from the darkness.

Mouse bolted upright, blanket clutched up to his nose. He peered up at six tall figures looming in a circle around his bed. They were old men—much, much older than Daddy—with pale hair and sunken eyes. In the dim glow of his elephant nightlight, Mouse could make out their matching white lab coats.

The one right beside him, the one who had spoken, clasped his hands behind his back. "Your Daddy won't be bothering you again. Or the rest of them, for that matter." He then paused to look around, the pointy beard on his chin standing out in profile. "Where is your Rick, boy?"

"R-Rick?" He didn't know what to think of these men, but he knew that if he didn't answer them, they'd get mad. They might even hit him, like Daddy did. And he didn't like the way they were staring. "Y-you mean like Grandpa Rick?" Mommy didn't talk about him often, but he knew that she missed him very much. He dropped the blanket. "Mommy says h-he's already in heaven."

This made the man narrow his eyes. The others looked at each other, murmuring something.

"Um, d-did you know Grandpa Rick?"

"We're here to take you away, Morty," the man said sharply, ignoring his question. "You have something very important to do, and you can't stay here anymore."

"Wait, how do you know my—hey!" He yelped as the man grabbed him by the wrist and abruptly yanked him out of bed, his pillow and sheets tumbling to the floor. His panicked whimpers went unheard as the man calmly reached into his coat for something, speckles of red obvious on his pristine sleeve. He then pulled out a white gun and aimed it forward.

In the next second, there was a green whirlpool floating in the center of his bedroom. It was perfectly round and...alive. Spots of bright light swirled on its surface as it emitted a low, eerie rumble. A hungry beast growling for food.

"N-no! I don't want to go!" Mouse tugged futilely against the ironclad grip, twisting and kicking as he yelled, "Mommy! Summer! Help me!"

The man snarled back, "Your family isn't coming for you, so shut up!" He squeezed Mouse's wrist until the bones creaked. "Before I make you!"

Mouse cried out and collapsed to the floor. Arm limp in the man's grasp, he cowered beneath the pain that exploded through his wrist.

A sharp inhale spread throughout the room as all the men stiffened. Even his captor above him went still as a statue, eyes distant and glassy.

"Brothers, am I crazy, or did my mind...just get less hazy?" said one, putting a hand to his head.

"Dope, man! Dat was the shit!"

"A most unprecedented development," another said in reply to his burping colleague who stood beside him.

"Like a bolt from the blue!"

Oblivious to the chatter of his cohorts, the leader looked closely at Mouse, tilting Mouse's chin to the side to inspect the bruise that had blossomed over his cheek. When he grazed it, Mouse flinched again. Then the man slapped him across the face. Hard.

Again, they all grinned, their gleeful laughter clashing harshly with Mouse's cries as he sniveled into the carpet.

In the next moment, Mouse was picked up off the floor, this time a blow landing squarely in his stomach. The wind was knocked from him, but even as he gasped for air, the attacks kept coming.

He remembered being yanked and prodded. Dropped and stepped on. Smacked and kicked. He was certain he even passed out during it. Twice. How long did it last? Minutes? Hours? To Mouse, it seemed without end. These unnamed assailants couldn't get enough of Mouse's torment, of seeing how far they could push him, how cruelly they could twist him.

When they finally seemed to have had their fill, they stooped to wipe the sweat from their brows, chuckling to themselves in great, wheezing breaths. Through his swollen black eye, Mouse watched in a daze as they readjusted their clothes and smiled at each other.

He didn't move, hoping he could convince them he was dead. Maybe then they'd finally leave him alone.

"I've not felt such unparalleled invigoration in ages! Truly a testament to the ingenuity of the Morty race!" one of them said, rubbing his hands together.

Another burped loudly, a short but wet belch.

"Well, Riq," said one, slapping the leader on the back, "And here I thought the trip out here was just another one of your harebrained ideas. But this little runt really knocked my socks off! Whoever your little birdy is that tipped you off was right!"

The one named Riq, the one who had first laid hands on him, smirked. He then crouched in front of Mouse and reached for him. Behind him, the green whirlpool appeared again, bathing the room in its brilliant, emerald glow.

Mouse cringed, but then Riq cupped his chin gently in his hand, his gaze keen with affection as he spoke. "As I said before, my little one, you have something very important to do. This may all be new for you, but I promise you, soon this will be your entire life." He leaned closer to whisper by his ear. "You just don't know it yet."

It was there the scene ended, slipping back into the wormhole of Mouse's consciousness. It'd only taken a handful of seconds for it to play out in his mind's eye, and when it'd silenced itself, the sounds of their lovemaking came to the forefront once again.

His moans punctuated the slap-slap-slap of Rick's pistoning hips, and for a moment he was perplexed how Rick could still want to touch him, want to make love to him after knowing what he'd done.

Mouse bit his bottom lip, determined not to crack, as he heard his younger self recite the line that he'd told himself since it happened: I wished for Daddy to go away, and they did just that. I made them come. I asked for it.

I deserved it.

"Mouse, don't even—you're wrong!" Rick's sudden outcry stopped the retreating memory in its tracks. Slowly, painfully, it was dragged into the open air, unable to hide. No matter how hard Mouse resisted, still it came in all its wretched shame.

Mouse squeezed his eyes shut, a hot tear working its way free. "W-what are you doing, Rick? You already know!" He bumped his head against Rick's chest, the urge to run weaker than before but still tempting. His entire body rang with exquisite arousal, but he was torn between the physical pleasure and the emotional pain within his mind. "Rick, I don't want to see it anymore! P-please don't make me!"

"Mouse," Rick panted, sliding in and out of him in a way that sideblinded Mouse with pleasure. "It happened, Mouse, all right? And—and that'll never change. I get that. But it—" He spat out a curse. "That doesn't mean it has to define you." He left openmouthed kisses along Mouse's neck, brushing that sensitive spot behind his ear that always made Mouse shiver.

And Rick was right. As he murmured his healing reassurances, Rick was suddenly there beside his memories—no, in his memories. Mouse could see him standing inside his room with that ominous green portal and the Council who were delighting in Mouse's pain.

But the memory wasn't playing out the same way this time. It had been altered.

Now Rick was picking Mouse up, taking him out of reach of his attackers to hold him gently in his arms. The Council members still continued their assault, but now they were just kicking at empty air, Mouse's cries missing from the recording.

"There's more than—more than all that shit that happened to you. There's still this." The sensation of Rick's hand sliding lovingly across his chest bled into the memory. "There's still us," Rick said to Mouse—both of them.

The Mouse from that night looked up at Rick. What he saw in those eyes was a safety and love like he'd never known or would ever know again. He saw his other half, the missing piece to complete him and finally make him whole.

Back in the Eun-Rick's bedroom, Mouse gasped. He blinked, eyes wide, as a dark corner of his heart finally sloughed off to disappear into the ether. He'd carried the memory around like a cancer—a terrible, dead thing inside of him. It had racked him with guilt, but now that it'd been cut out, it could never plague him again. In its wake was left an airy lightness, a space that could be filled with all the glory he and Rick would share.

Within the memory, the young Mouse wrapped his shaking arms around Rick's neck and smiled into his collar as they walked through the portal.

Together.

...

The Author gasped, the sound loud in the darkness. He shivered as another bead of sweat traveled down the back of his neck to seep into the cushion beneath him.

Immediately, a pair of hands slid over his shoulders to cup his chin, the other splayed over his heart. Fingertips brushed his lips as a voice quivered, "A-are you certain we sh-should continue?" The pad of a thumb slipped inside to rest on his tongue.

The Author's only answer was to suckle on the digit and moan.

"Your body won't be able to take another one." A second pair of hands pressed themselves to his side, marking a trail of wet kisses across his ribs, just above where his belly button would've been. The Author could feel the outline of a smile against his skin. "Surely, it will be too much."

He lolled his head to the side, letting the first's thumb slip from between his lips. "N-no. I want it. Please. Let me have this." He wondered how his voice could even be heard over the drumbeat of his heart.

A third figure shifted from between his thighs, little more than a dark blue shape in the dim. Even with every candle in the room extinguished, the Author could make out the sheen of wetness on his face and fingertips. Elegant as a cat, he slid up the Author's side, cradling him gently in the crook of his arm as he gazed into his face.

"Then you mean for this to be the end."

The Author reached up, shaky finger brushing the bandage over one cheek. "Oh, my dear, dear friend. This isn't the end."

Just as his strength flagged and his hand dropped, the Eun-Rick caught it in his own. "You have done so much, dedicated your life to the prophecy." He bent down to kiss the Author's cheeks, one then the other. "You have earned your rest."

"This is my last night, my friend. And I could think of no better way to spend it."

The Eun-Rick only nodded solemnly, kissing him at the same time his brothers did. The three Eun-Ricks then moved over and around him, keeping their hands or lips on him as they traded positions—ready to pleasure the Author anew.

...

Riq awoke with a start, his eyes wide in the darkness. He blinked once, trying to place himself. With a sigh and a headache, he remembered.

Sitting upright, he scowled as he shrugged off a pair of sticky hands wrapped around his arm, another from his bare waist. He stood, everything stinking of musk and vodka and a touch of vomit.

The seraglio was a mess of broken wine bottles and torn clothing, compliments of his fellow councilmen. Riq had merely suggested they share a toast in celebration—over what, he hadn't elaborated—but of course the Council had been unable to keep it to just one toast. By the night's end, the alcohol had been pouring, and the Council had indulged in their Morty harem with a little too much gusto.

As Riq stumbled through the room, kicking prone Mortys that yelped and curled into themselves to nurse their bruised ribs, he thought of how they'd started the night with giggles and eager stutters. He'd broken at least one of them since then. Maybe a few more.

He put a hand to his forehead. Fuck, it was too early to do basic math. Or maybe too late. What the hell time was it, anyway?

Way past time for an update.

It'd been hours since he'd last heard from the Captain of the Guard on how the X-Rick's arrest was coming along. No doubt he'd have good news to share, and he wanted this hangover to be worthsomething.

Once he'd finally reached his room and tossed out a stray Morty who'd made himself too comfortable in his bed, he sat himself in front of the video communicator.

He swayed heavily as he punched the screen for any notifications. No new messages. Odd. Then he plugged in the direct line to the Captain's badge.

By now, the X-Rick had likely been detained, per his orders, and the Captain would be standing by for the go-ahead to prepare the execution. Riq was looking forward to it tremendously, and he wondered if he would grant the prisoner his own personal "send off" or not even grace him with his presence.

Leave the fucker to rot. His sneer melted into a cruel smirk, imagining the poor bastard sitting bewildered in his cell without a clue as to why he was there. He'd die a painful and drawn-out death, only learning in the end that he should never have crossed Riq.

The line rang ten times before Riq finally jabbed the end-call button.

It wasn't like the Captain to fail to answer a call. Riq was just considering contacting the second-in-command, when the light from the small screen on his bedside table caught his eye.

Immediately his mood brightened. Even though he'd spent himself no fewer than three times already that night, just thinking about The One never failed to bring blood rushing to his groin.

Leaving the arrest update for later, he turned his attention to the surveillance monitor of The One's room. As he settled down in front of the screen, he adjusted himself in his slacks, pleased to find that his zipper was already down. Well, no point in wasting a good thing. He'd just put his fingers through the opening, when he paused.

Something was off.

He peered closer at the screen, blinking and rubbing his eyes to shake off the sleep that still pulled at them. Clearly, he was seeing things. He looked again.

The One's bedroom was empty.

Shock sobered him up faster than if he'd been doused in ice water.

Immediately his erection died, and his heart began to pound as he stared at the empty bed and open door. On automatic, his fingers flew back over to the video communicator by his side, dialing for Mama Eun-Rick. Riq knew for a fact it wasn't auction night, and the bitch always kept tabs on where the kid was. She would have the answer. She had to.

"H-hello...?" Mama Eun-Rick's voice was rough and much lower than her normally elevated pitch. Once the camera brought her into focus, Riq saw that her hair was disheveled, one strap of her cheap lingerie falling off her shoulder. Fresh hickies dotted her collar and chest, and her lips were swollen. "Yes, Master Riq, what can I—"

"Where is he?" he asked flatly, his temple pulsing.

"What? Where's—"

"WHERE IS HE?" He exploded, jumping to his feet and gripping the screen. The plastic frame creaked and threatened to crack. "Where is The One? He's not in his room! Tell me you fucking know where he is or—"

"Rickochet, ma chérie? Who on earth is making all that racket?" Another voice came from behind Mama Eun-Rick, followed by a hand snaking up from the bedsheets to loop around her waist.

She scowled, batting at her bedmate halfheartedly, even while a smile graced her lips. The two exchanged some more words in French, as Riq looked on, appalled. The blatant display of disrespect normally would have had him ordering for her head on a plate—both of theirs! But at the moment, there were more pressing matters demanding his attention. He would deal with these loafers later.

"I'm not paying you to sleep around, Eun-Rick! Now, get your tranny ass out of bed and bring him to me RIGHT NOW!"

Mama Eun-Rick turned from her lover who was now necking her with abandon. She leveled her gaze at Riq through the monitor, her voice icy. "I don't know where you precious Morty is. You want him, go find him yourself." Then she raised a middle finger to him and added, "You pathetic psycho."

The screen went black, her final fuck-you.

Riq just blinked. He didn't know which was more shocking—the fact that Mama Eun-Rick had hung up on him or that The One was now officially unaccounted for.

With a shrill yell, he banged his fist on the bedside table, knocking the surveillance monitor onto the floor. The display flickered with broken pixels, the video feed of The One's room running in rewind at top speed.

Then it hit him. The One wasn't the only thing unaccounted for.

Cursing viciously, he called the Captain's second-in-command. As the call went through, he kept his eyes locked on the toppled monitor.

"Yes, Riq, sir. This is Rick of—"

"I don't give a shit who you are. Tell me you have him!"

The Guard Rick stumbled awkwardly over his words from the sudden command. "W-who, sir?"

"Who, sir?" Riq mimed, his voice nasally and high. "THE X-RICK, YOU IDIOT!" He paced in front of the monitor, hating the Guard's asinine expression and wishing he could throttle him where he stood. But, no, he needed answers first. He took a deep breath, quaking beneath his barely restrained temper. "Tell me you have the X-Rick."

"Sir," the Guard began, "we haven't found the X-Rick since your order came in. But we're doing everything in our power to—"

Riq was about to launch into another tirade, when something on the surveillance monitor stunned him into silence. The feed had righted itself and begun to play forward again. Now the room was occupied, but The One wasn't alone.

With every second of recording it showed—the tiny lovers locked in the throes of sex—Riq's heartbeat grew louder and louder until he could barely even hear the Guard over the chaos raging through him.

"Sir?"

At this point, Riq was no longer himself, and calmly he opened his mouth, tears streaming down his impassive face as he delivered the order:

"Yes. I'd like to issue a Code Black."

"The truth which had befallen The Ones was immense indeed. It rang through Their souls like the great tolling of a bell, shaking Them to Their very cores, much as the ground shaketh beneath a meteor's wrath. It was a truth so mighty as to learn all things seen and unseen, all things future and past.

"The cosmos doth decree, and so ever shall it be: The Ones shall know the truth, and the truth shall set all free.

"On the night of the truth's reveal, The Ones took refuge in the haven of allies. The One True Morty found rest to quench His body, but His soul thirsted still. For as fire burneth brighter when fed, so too was He lit aflame, now given claim to His fate. Thus The One True Morty rejoiced and sought pleasure in Himself, His hands guided by the teachings of His Counterpart. With effer—efferve—"

"Effervescence," Rick corrected easily with a quick glance at the papers in Mouse's hands. With ORA cupped in his palm, he twisted loose another bolt, and a panel of the synthoptic's outer casing popped open, revealing its delicate internal wiring.

"Effervescence and love," Mouse continued reading. "The Ones then joined in each other's arms once more to assuage Their doubts, for they were plentiful. The One True Rick did give of Himself as no Rick giveth, bringing joy to The One True Morty with His mouth and hands and mighty s-s-staff—" Mouse tilted his head and put the bundle of papers down on his naked lap. "Staff?" he asked with a frown.

Rick chuckled. "That's, uh—I'll give you one guess." He raised a bent arm stiffly in front of him then closed his hand into a fist. "Like a baby's arm holding an apple," he said, winking at Mouse.

A second later, realization pinked Mouse's cheeks, and he gave a breathy, little "oh." He then hurriedly buried his nose back in the abridged version of the Book of Morty, eager to read on.

Little perv, Rick thought endearingly, already hearing a Resonance confirm his suspicions.

"A-as a key fitteth a lock, so did The Ones unite, completely and without room for want. The One True Morty felt an ecstasy that did maketh His blood run hot and His heart raceth and His s-staff—staff extendeth."

God, even the archaic lisp sounded sexy.

Mouse squirmed in place at the less-than-subtle euphemism, and Rick felt a jump in his own pulse as he listened to him read aloud. More than once, his fingers had slipped while trying to concentrate on the delicate process of reprogramming ORA's output variables. His depth perception was already shot with one lid closed over his empty eye socket, making the task that much harder.

.63. He mentally recited the LP sequence, seeking respite in the sterile dullness of numbers.

"Th-They would share a love, unbridled and f-fathomless—" Mouse was getting more breathless by the moment. "—souls rushing as shooting stars toward climax to stain the sheets with evidence of Their union—"

Rick dropped his tools and slapped a hand over the page, masking his sudden embarrassment behind a cough. "Oookay, I think that's enough reading for one morning." He tried to play it cool, forcing a strained, little laugh, as he plucked the Book of Morty from Mouse's stunned grasp.

Another word from the sex-steeped pages, and Rick wasn't sure he'd be able to keep his hands to himself. Then again, judging by the scandalous fantasies playing through Mouse's mind, maybe it was Mouse he should be worried about.

After last night's lovemaking, Rick felt deliciously sated but drained. He mentally patted himself on the back for being able to keep up with the kid's pubescent vigor, but now he was paying for it with dull aches that had made nests in his muscles overnight. And he was pretty sure he'd twisted something.

What he needed right now was a break, not another tumble in the sheets.

"It's really real," Mouse said at last. He hadn't moved from where he sat, his hands resting chastely on the bed's duvet. A fresh hickey kissed into the cradle of his hip blushed proudly in the candlelight, making Rick swallow. "The book is real, Rick."

"Y-yeah. A real piece of science friction, if you know what I mean." He pulled his eyes from the allure of Mouse's bared flesh and laughed at his own pun. "The thing reads like it was written by a monk with his mind in the gutter."

"But it's just like the Author said! E-everything that happened is written in here!" He was already scrabbling for the papers that Rick held overhead.

Rick rolled his eyes then bopped Mouse on the nose with the butt of his screwdriver. "Babe, the Author calls us The One True Morty and One True Rick, for crying out loud. To him, we're the literal one true pairing of the multiverse!"

"The what of the multiverse?"

"Uuh, never mind." Rick shrugged. "And are you really going to tell me you didn't sneak a peek at it before you went all sex-mink last night?" he lilted playfully, nuzzling Mouse's neck as he strained to reach the papers. Finally, Rick surrendered them back to him. He'd never get sick of teasing the kid.

"I-I didn't! Last night, I just—I wanted to, you know?" Mouse clutched the papers in his hands and tucked his knees up, but he could only hide so much of his arousal behind the flimsy shield. An orgy of Rick-Mouse pairings in various stages of debauched union appeared through another Resonance.

"Well, I'm proud you came up with all that on your own." Rick continued, stooping back over his work, "Look, Mouse. You're seeing what you want to see. Th-that's the way these kinds of books work. Specific-sounding enough that everyone feels like it's written for them, when in reality any schmuck that picks it up feels that way." He burped. "Not to mention, they prey off of humanity's biggest insecurity—the unknown future—promising that they have the answer all wrapped up in a pretty package."

"L-like you don't also want to know how things will turn out? If w-what we're gonna do will even work?"

Mouse was, as always, able to give voice to what Rick was too proud to admit.

He knew that what they were attempting to do was about as sane as handling isotope 322 barehanded: An X-Rick with a prison record and a scrawny kid, trying to start a revolution? Yeah, it was insane. But when going up against a council of psycho dictators, even a prediction from an erotic fanfic could feel like the validation he needed.

He answered without looking up, feigning indifference as he completed inputting the configuration code he'd received from Chi. "Fine. If you really want to know so badly, then why not just skip to the end? Let's see what Rickelations has to say."

For a moment, Mouse sat in silence, staring numbly at the book. Then slowly and with the utmost care, he turned the aged sheets to the last page.

And gasped.

Oh, shit! Moment of truth! Sucking in a deep breath, Rick looked over to see what the book had revealed about their entire future and saw—it was blank.

Relief and disappointment clashed inside his chest, and he heaved a sigh. He hadn't yet prepared himself on how he'd respond if the book had held something, so in a way, he was grateful to be spared one more life-altering revelation. For now, things could be allowed to follow the status quo—still uncertain in its own right, but at least it was familiar. With a shrug, he patted Mouse on the shoulder.

"Well, there you have it. Urrp! Looks like we don't get to take the easy way out of this one, Mouse."

"I—I don't understand." Mouse traced the two words at the top of the last page: And then. They were all that remained of the chapter, which had been torn from its maker prematurely. "It was supposed to tell us everything."

"Yeah? W-well, why would you want some crusty, old papers telling you how to run your life, anyway?" Finished with the remote interface protocol, Rick snapped ORA's casing shut and pressed the synthoptic back into place. As he blinked rapidly to readjust the extraocular muscles around it, he threw off the covers and stood to stretch. "I've never had some book predict my future, and I'm not about to start now."

Behind him, he could feel Mouse's eyes on his naked body, but no Resonances sounded—at least, none as strong as before. While no words or images revealed themselves, Rick could still feel Mouse somewhere in the corner of his mind. It was a near-constant presence now, like the way sunlight warms a room from a corner window. Had it always been like this, and Rick was only now becoming conscious of it?

Whatever it was, he liked to think it meant they were linked in a way that could never be severed.

"Rick." The heaviness in Mouse's voice plucked a somber note on the invisible string between them.

"Hey, hey. Babe. Mouse, no," he said, turning back to Mouse and attempting to soothe his despondency. With anyone else, Rick wouldn't have cared enough one way or another what they thought. But with Mouse, he wanted to spare the kid the disappointment that false hopes inevitably brought. It'd be a tough lesson to learn, but one that Mouse needed to hear. "Look, so you don't get to see what'll happen." He gently took the papers from Mouse's limp hands and tossed them onto the nightstand, out of reach of them both. "That just means our future's not written yet. As it shouldbe."

"But the Author said—"

"The Author said a lot of things, and not all of them made sense." Rick paced by the bed, mindful of the stacks of books that flanked it. Titles like Many Lives, Many Masters and Parapsychology: An Advanced Reading graced their covers. He cringed.

His deep-seated scientific approach made it hard for him to swallow much of what the Author had told them. But Mouse? Mouse obviously believed more in the hookah pipe dream than he did.

"What about the Symmetry? A-and the Eun-Ricks?" Mouse reached out to grasp Rick's wrist, like he wanted, needed Rick to understand. His voice was level and lower than his usual treble. "What about Riq?"

Rick blinked. It was the first time Mouse had said his tormentor's name without flinching. Instead of fear, a regal indifference encompassed his features. Pride burned brightly in Rick's heart to see his little Mouse not so little anymore. In fact, he was nothing like his namesake now. Perhaps it was a trick of the candlelight, but Mouse's face seemed to have lost some of that gaunt desperation. He even sat up a little straighter, a little stronger. Still cautious but with an unmistakable courage underneath, Mouse was growing more and more into—

The One True Morty.

Maybe the Author had been right about some things.

"What do you think about what the Author said?" Mouse asked. The unwavering confidence in his gaze made it clear he'd already reached his own answer to the question.

Rick carded a hand through his hair. They were like two stars on opposite ends of the same orbit—perihelion and aphelion—with too great a distance between them.

But he was willing to relent if it meant closing that distance even an inch.

"I think—I think the Author laid on the theatrics a bit too thick." Rick bit out a chuckle. "I mean, h-he was talking through tarot cards, for crying out loud! Miss Cleo must be rolling over in her grave, am I right?"

The joke flew straight over Mouse's head.

Waving his hands in the air as if to erase his blunder, Rick flopped back down onto the bed. "Okay, wrong reference. Lemme try again." He turned to face Mouse and passed his hand between his chest and Mouse's—running along that invisible link. "This? This, I believe in. One True Morty? One True Rick?" He swallowed a bitter lump of embarrassment, delivering his next line to the carpet. "Yeah. I think I can live with that."

"Yeah," Mouse echoed, his smile bright but dampened by uncertainty. It was like he could see Rick stepping carefully around the metaphorical minefield of the conversation.

"I'm not saying I subscribe to the whole destiny thing, but there's one thing I know for sure: We're gonna turn this Citadel around. And that means—"

"Making Riq whole again."

"—taking out the Counc—wait, what?" Rick furrowed his brow.

"Well, it's what the Author said. W-we have to combine the Eun-Ricks together w-with Riq. To make them all..." Mouse trailed off, fitting his hands together, the fingers interlacing to create a ball.

Rick was already shaking his head. "Mouse," he said, trying to keep the incredulity out of his voice. After all, he couldn't blame the kid for wanting to believe in such a fairytale solution. "C'mon, Mouse. He didn't mean it literally. The Author wasn't really—obviously, he was talking in metaphors. S-same thing with the whole Symmetry bit."

"But, Rick, you saw it yourself! The Eun-Ricks. They've—"

"Got really strong personalities. Yeah, I know." He pecked a kiss on the crown of Mouse's head before getting up again. "But there's no way they're actually split from the same person. I-i-it's too—no Rick could ever be that redundant! Riq has an entire Citadel of suckups at his disposal. Did he really need to make three more of himself?"

Even as the words left his mouth, Rick couldn't shake the doubt that clung to his tongue like a nasty coating of sickness. There had been a moment—a good handful of moments, in fact—when Rick had believed the Eun-Ricks' story. They'd sounded so sure about it, talking about the paranormal as easily as reciting the periodic table, that Rick had been on board with it.

Then they'd left that crowded little room, he'd gotten in contact with Chi, and the solidness of reality supplanted his earlier delusions.

"I'm willing to overlook their quirks, so long as they're fighting on the same side as us. They want to take out Riq just as badly as we do."

He made his way to the row of wooden knobs on the back of the door where his trusted jumpsuit hung. Wrinkled but fresh, he slung it over one shoulder as he looked back at Mouse with a smirk.

"And I know just how we're going to do that." He hoped that his bravado could make up for all his own hidden pockets of unease. Cocky grin and a line worthy of an action hero? Hell, he almost had himself convinced.

Mouse regarded him quietly for a moment, and Rick subtly probed Mouse's thoughts for some insight into what he was thinking. For the first time in a long time, he was completely unreadable.

"You see what's happening, right?"

There was so much sureness in Mouse's non sequitur that Rick froze, and for a moment he didn't recognize the boy on the bed.

He quirked a grin. "A-and what's that, babe?"

Was that fear that made his voice quiver? No, not fear. Awe. It was the kind of humility that struck one dumb when looking into the mouth of an abyss—that irrational sense of inadequacy in the face of something greater than oneself. The unknown.

That was what Rick felt as Mouse spoke.

"We're on the same path, Rick, even if we may have different ideas of how to do it. I think that—" Here, he became Mouse again, the tension in the air breaking as Rick caught his toes wriggling beneath the covers. "I think things are happening the way they're supposed to. Y-you have your idea of what to do. And I—I have mine. And that's okay."

Rick wasn't sure what to make of Mouse's little speech, but he smiled encouragingly at him and nodded once. "Sounds fine by me, babe."

Apparently, it was the right thing to say, because Mouse's face broke out in a grin. He looped his arms around his knees and looked attentively at Rick. "O-okay, then, Rick. Tell me your plan."

"Oh, I'll do better than that. I'll show you." Rick stepped into the pant legs of his jumpsuit, zipping it up to his waist before taking a seat on a small ottoman at the foot of the bed. Resting his elbows on his knees, he faced a blank space on a nearby wall and gave ORA the order to activate the external HUD.

Unlike the limited emergency mode from before, this time the display was filled with colorful graphics that moved at his command. Rick could hear Mouse breathe a quiet "wow" and the squeal of mattress springs that betrayed his crawl across the bed.

"Check it out." Data popped up from their respective folders, taking the form of graphs, lists, and newspaper articles. Profiles of look-alike Ricks filled one half of the display in a grid.

"What is all this, Rick?" Mouse had perched himself on the edge of the bed, leaning close enough that Rick could feel his breath tickle his nape.

"Everything I've gathered about the Code Yellows. The Council's been publicizing them as prisoners of war with the Galactic Federation," he said, scrolling down through the arrest entries, Rick after Rick grayed out and stamped with a red X, "when they've actually been hand delivering them straight to a GF maximum security facility. Just like I was. The entire war's been bogus, an excuse to keep Ricks running scared."

Rick then went on to explain how the intel came together: the timeline of arrests, the decidedly non-random victims, the correlations that no one else had drawn.

Ricks may be chaotic and bull-headed, but they were still creatures of habit, and their predilection for science made them suckers for hard evidence. They'd listen to numbers, because numbers were the only thing in the multiverse that didn't lie. Combined, it formed an irrefutable argument that was watertight.

Well, almost watertight.

Mouse, who had been looking over the data intently, pointed at the screen. "What about those darker ones?"

Three of the Code Yellow profiles were marked with a deeper shade of gray. Rick made a frustrated noise in this throat. "Something wonky with their arrest records and obituaries. The data's bunk for one reason or another. Probably just a—URRP—typographical error."

"Yeah. This one says he was arrested after he died," Mouse said, almost contemplative.

"Like I said. Bunk." Rick quickly flipped the display, bringing up a timeline graph instead. "B-but anyway, they're just outliers. Every data set's got 'em."

The "outliers" had been too few and far between to take into account, and like any good argument, Rick acknowledged them with the equivalent of a footnote and moved on. Armed with nothing but a list of obits and a PowerPoint presentation, he needed to make it as solid as possible to convince the Citadel populace. They'd only have one shot at this.

"Then we infiltrate the control center and link up to the communications mainframe," he said, wrapping up his explanation. "There won't be a Rick in the Citadel who doesn't hear the news." He couldn't help but smile. The act of giving his plan voice made it more grounded in reality, already.

"Do you really think the Ricks will listen?" Mouse hopped off the bed, stooping to pick up his clothes off the floor. "The R-Ricks I know—they were—they never seemed to care about what happened to other Ricks. They might not even want anything to change."

Giving the silent command to shut down the HUD, Rick blinked a few times before turning to Mouse. He shook his head. "Oh, they're gonna wanna hear this. You get a wild animal cornered for long enough, and it'll fight. And as for those Elite asswipes—they've got more schmeckles than sense. They may be sitting cushy now, but they'll be smelling it when the shit really hits the fan."

"At least w-we're not completely on our own now."

Mouse's back was to Rick as he shimmied into his jeans, and Rick's brain struggled to stick with the conversation rather than start going down the rabbit hole of temptation.

He stood, shrugging one sleeve of his jumpsuit on. "You got that right. The Eun-Ricks weren't kidding about this place. There's a whole network of rebels here who'd be happy to see the Council choke on their own bullshit buffet. Plus Chi will be calling a few of our buddies to help out."

Mouse paused, arms in his shirt, when he looked up at Rick and asked. "Why do you call him 'Chi'? His name's Rick, too, isn't it?"

It was a simple question, but Rick hesitated. He still wasn't used to Mouse talking about other Ricks so casually, especially one that had basically put out a hit on him.

"W-well, you know how the whole 'Rick' thing can get old and all, so he picked a code name for himself, and it stuck."

"But what does it mean?"

"It's just another way to say 'X.' Here." Having shouldered the other sleeve on, Rick took Mouse's hand. "This is an X. Also happens to mean '10,' Chi's dimensional number." He traced the shape across the soft flesh of his palm.

Mouse's fingers twitched. "Tickles," he said.

"And this is the Greek letter ?. Chi." Again, he made the same shape.

"That's...pretty confusing." Mouse peered closely at his hand as though the letters were branded into the skin. "If they look so similar, how can you even tell the difference?"

What if we were never X? What if we're ?? Chi!

Chi's frenzied voice suddenly reverberated through his memories like a wailing ghost down a haunted corridor.

At the time, it'd sounded like another far-fetched conspiracy theory about originally being part of the Greco tier. Rick always knew Chi had strong feelings of pride for their dimension, but now, after everything that had happened, was there more merit to it than he'd thought?

In the past week alone, so much of what he thought was real had been turned on its head, not the least of which had been his own lot in life. A week ago, he'd been a disenfranchised X-Rick, fresh out of jail and looking for one last hurrah in the name of revenge.

Now, however, he touted the title of The One True Rick and was on a mission to bring an end to the Council itself, the very same Council who'd tried to snuff him out once before and was trying to do again.

They needed to keep us down...

"Because they thought we were a threat," Rick murmured to himself, and for a brief moment, he almost had it. Something more lay just beneath the surface of those words, something that so clearly connected the Council, himself, and all his brothers in one all-defining truth. It was so obvious, the final piece of the puzzle right there—

"What? A threat to who?"

Poof, it was gone. And Rick was left with the uncomfortable feeling of an opportunity missed.

Mouse had already taken back his hand and was wrestling into his shirt, the process much more cumbersome than it would have been for someone accustomed to wearing clothes. He'd gotten as far as sticking an elbow through one sleeve opening, his head still trapped inside, before Rick intervened.

"Uh, n-nothing. Here." Shaking himself free of his daydream, he slid his hands up Mouse's ribs to let him know he was there. "Let me." Mouse startled, arms bent awkwardly overhead, but turned obediently toward his voice.

Rick crouched in front of him and curled his fingers beneath the hem of his shirt. He started lifting it, when he paused partway

"R-Rick? Rick, c'mon," Mouse whined, writhing in front of him. The fine lanugo on the plane of his chest shivered beneath Rick's hot breath, and he saw Mouse's nipples pebble to attention.

"Just—just a minute." He drew closer, thoroughly and utterly intrigued. His nose skimmed Mouse's skin to breathe in last night's musk. It still clung to him, intoxicating and inviting. Without even thinking, he parted his lips and ran his tongue up the center of his chest. Mouse giggled nervously and twisted in his cloth trap.

"Rick?" He sounded simultaneously confused yet eager.

The tenor of Mouse's presence then took on a heated note in Rick's mind, calm shifting to hedonic in a heartbeat, and a bluster of Resonance fanned the fire of Rick's sudden arousal. With Mouse's unspoken wants driving him forward, and even at the protest of his aching muscles, Rick hoisted Mouse up to drop him back onto the bed again.

Rick knew he shouldn't be doing this. He shouldn't be dragging his lips up Mouse's neck, shouldn't be peeling Mouse's shirt up just high enough to find his lips while Mouse lay, blindfolded and vulnerable. Shouldn't be slotting their mouths together so perfectly, so deliciously.

There was something reassuring in this, indulging in the flesh. It was familiar and primal and right here, right now. It let them forget, even for a few minutes, that they would be facing the unknown.

Fear of what would come fueled their sudden appetite for intimacy. Rick knew the kind of hell that would break out once they incited the ire of the multiverse's biggest assholes—all 100,000 of them. Oppression and resentment had made the Ricks kegs of gunpowder; he was simply cutting the fuse shorter.

They spoke in whispers, though there was no one to hide from.

"I'm scared."

"I know."

"You?"

"...Yeah."

At last, Rick helped guide Mouse's arms and then head through the shirt's openings.

"And then what?" Mouse asked, linking his hands behind Rick's neck again as he lay back on the mattress beneath him. He was trying to keep his voice under control, even while his heart beat wildly. So cute. "W-what will we do after we've delivered the message? Things could get—get dangerous."

Fleets of Guard Ricks closing in on them came to mind before the Resonance fell out of frequency. Mouse's imagination could be incredibly vivid, and this vision spared no details: The Ricks had fangs in place of teeth, a wild bloodlust in their eyes, as Mouse was brutally torn away from him. The last image Rick sensed before it faded completely was of Riq's hands around Mouse's throat.

Rick smoothed a hand lovingly down Mouse's neck, a quiet reminder that there was nothing there. When Mouse reached up to clutch at him, Rick interwove their fingers. "I'll be right there with you. No one's going to come between us."

"But h-how will we escape?"

Rick playfully rubbed their noses together, putting on his best I've-got-this smile. "Where there's a will, there's a getaway."

No sooner had he said those words, when the calm was shattered by an ear-splitting alarm.

Mouse lunged upward with a startled shout, crashing his forehead against Rick's who swore and stumbled back onto the floor.

The alarm gashed at Rick's senses like someone were ruthlessly stabbing knives into his ears. "What in the fucking hell?!" He sat up groggily, rubbing his forehead and trying to get his bearings. He blinked, scrubbed at his eyes, but his vision was shot.

The room seemed darker somehow. Although the candles still burned pleasantly, their flames were muted, like a pall had been thrown over them. Beyond their small ring of light, everything else was drenched in oily black.

Shadows were more pronounced, cutting. And, strangely, objects which had previously disappeared into the background now popped out with an unearthly fluorescence. Mystified, Rick held up one hand in front of him, noticing how the crescents of his fingernails had turned a faint violet.

He didn't have time to dwell on it, however, because Mouse was already on his feet, hands clamped over his ears.

Terror pinched the flesh around his eyes as he shouted over the disorienting clamor, "Th-they know!"

At that exact moment, the door was thrown open, and Grim's silhouette filled the frame. His white robe was glowing purple, but it was his expression that made Rick's stomach drop.

"It's not safe here anymore. You have to go." An undercurrent of dread and panic cut through his usually calm voice, and Rick knew there was no point in asking questions.

Mouse was right.

The Council knew he was missing.

Riq knew.

Rick had barely wrangled on his shoes, before Mouse was tugging him by the wrist out the door. They stumbled down the short stairwell to the home's lower level, all the while the air filled with the monotonous drone of the PA recording, a deceptively sultry female voice that delivered the message:

"This is a Code Black. Repeat. This is a Code Black." The digital words, loud enough to echo over the expanse of the Citadel atrium, were unnervingly calm and did little to soften the blare of the accompanying alarm. "All Citadel patrons are required to vacate their residences and submit to security protocol. Failure to comply will be met with lethal force."

"What the hell is going on? What's a Code Black?" Rick roared over the PA to be heard. He'd finally caught up with Mouse and linked their hands as they ran after the Eun-Rick.

"The Council has enacted martial law," Grim explained, weaving through a winding hallway in the direction of the rear exit. "They'll be looking for this." He angled his head and pointed to a faint green collar around his neck. It had to have been some transparent material, because Rick could barely make it out. "The registration mark. That's how they'll find you. They'll find Him. There's no stopping them now."

"Then why not just give us one of those—those collar things?!" Rick countered, dodging an overstuffed chest to keep up.

Grim shot him a sympathetic look and kept up his relentless pace.

Just then, Mouse's grip on his wrist pulled him up short. Rick tore his eyes from their guide to look back incredulously.

"Mouse, what the hell? We gotta go!"

"The Author," Mouse said softly, his gaze fixed on the inside of one of the rooms they'd run past. "H-he's—" He took a small step forward, but Rick was quick to intercept.

Smothering a curse, he yanked Mouse along with a frustrated, "We don't have time for that!" But from the corner of his eye, he could see the other two Eun-Ricks kneeling before something inside the dimly lit room.

Like Grim, their robes also glowed a ghostly purple, and there was a sheet of the same shade swaddling a small body on the floor between them. The Eun-Ricks were stone-still, their heads bowed in mourning.

A warbled cry bubbled up Mouse's throat, but Rick tore him away from the scene before it could emblazon itself on his psyche.

When Grim had reached the back door, he ushered Rick and Mouse out into the narrow back alley but didn't follow. Despite it having to be some time in the early morning, it was black as pitch outside, and Rick could now hear the sound of shouting and blasters going off in the distance.

Rick turned to look back at Grim, and his jaw fell. The Eun-Rick's white robe was now violet, washing his pale skin in a blueish hue. Around his neck, his collar burned portal-green. It hugged the skin so closely, Rick realized it was a tattoo. But how had he never noticed it before? Even more striking, however, was the small glowing mark below the Eun-Rick's right eye—a single vertical bar in matching green.

Rick tugged Mouse close to his side as he stared, shouting over the alarm and his own rising panic, "Where are we supposed to go now?" Both ends of the alley looked equally ominous—long, ebony tunnels with pieces of trash on the ground that were lit up like fallen stars.

"Eun-Rick! Where will we be safe?!"

The Eun-Rick pressed his lips into a thin line, his feet never stepping over the threshold.

"Nowhere," he finally said.

Then he shut the door, leaving Rick and Mouse to face the Code Black on their own.

...

"This is a real fuckin' bomb you dropped on us here, Riq. A Code Black? Have you lost your goddamn marbles?!"

Hands clasped behind his back, Riq continued gazing calmly out the Council Chamber window. Normally, at this time of day, he would've been able to see the holographic dawn beginning to creep up the lip of the main atrium dome. As it was, however, the activated ultraviolet ions in the air coated everything in black, with pinpoints of light coming from the Ricks who scurried across the ground like radioactive cockroaches.

Through the reflection of the glass, Zeta Alpha fumed. His robe was currently lit up like a Christmas tree bulb, an obnoxious purple in place of its usually sterile white.

"This is a madhouse you're creating. Think of what it will do for our popularity rating!" Rick Prime wailed behind him.

Prime was always one to care more about public image than practicality. Didn't he see what he was trying to accomplish here? Disdain curled Riq's lip, and he finally turned from the view to pin his sniveling councilmate with a look of measured condescension.

Even while Prime shrunk back beneath Riq's razor-sharp scowl, Zeta suddenly decided he was an alpha and stepped forward defiantly. He looked ridiculous, with his teeth glowing pale blue in the dark. "Riq, we had a gentleman's agreement that the Council is to be of one voice in order to dish out a Code Black. You can't just cherry pick the rules! Who died and made you king?"

But Riq was already shouldering past him across the grand foyer, not even sparing him, or the rest of the assembled council, a glance. Stepping onto the lowered belvedere, Riq took his usual seat, the golden throne now electric yellow beneath the fluorescent illumination. The rest of the Council gathered in front of him like a pack of baying dogs, their matching green collars glowing in a row. Settling back, Riq ignored their yapping as he picked nonchalantly at his fingernails.

"Gentle-Rick, gentle-Rick. Listen to yourselves." Riq chuckled. "Always asking questions. So many, many questions. It's like that's all you're ever good for."

"I do proclaim, this behavior is unbecoming of the Council and detrimental to its efficacy." The single green line below Maximum's right eye warped as he glowered.

"Foshiggity!" Ricktiminus chimed in, emboldened by his councilmate's reprimand.

Ricktiminus was below him. They were all below him.

"There's no reason to panic, good Ricks," Riq said through clenched teeth. This was getting so damn tiresome. "We have a dangerous Rick in our midst, and I am merely taking measures to sniff him out immediately. My intel tells me he managed to avoid being registered in the Citadel's central database—him and his...Morty." His hands suddenly balled into fists as he forced himself to say the word, like it didn't mean the entire fucking world to him.

Patience, he chided himself. Once his stomach settled again, he crossed an ankle over one knee and continued, "This is also our chance to suss out other unregistered while we're at it. Clean up house. You, along with every Citadel official, already received the 'green light' during registration. You'll be spared from scrutiny while the Code Black is in effect. As for everyone else..."

A cannonade of gunfire from somewhere outside the Council Chamber finished his statement for him. Riq caught Zeta and Prime running trembling hands over the green mark beneath their right eyes, their gaze trained on the floor, submissive.

Maximums, however, was not so easily convinced. With a shake of his glossy hair, he said proudly, "As the Council's appointed second-in-command, I am rescinding your contumacious order and forthright exacting a cessation of the Code Black."

"Oh, are you?" Riq bared his teeth in a grin. Idiots. He tapped his finger against a panel on the armrest of his seat, his patience wearing thin. One, two. One, two.

"Yes. And if you think—"

Maximums was cut off by a gentle hand on his shoulder. Quantum shook his head and urged him back as he took his place to face Riq one-on-one. The most reticent of the Council of Ricks was never one for heroics, but whatever possessed him now made Riq narrow his eyes.

One, two. One, two, he tapped out.

Quantum then launched into a soliloquy of burps so thick, it had brightly colored spittle flying from his lips. He opined for a full three minutes, his councilmates humbled around him. They held their fists up to their mouths to bite their knuckles, some even sniffling back tears. With each booming belch, Riq's frown only deepened.

When Quantum finally reached the end of his speech, he held his ground, daring the council leader to refute him.

Riq sighed, looking Quantum over as though he were scat on the sole of his boot. He'd had enough of this sunk-cost fallacy shit.

He shrugged. "Fuck it."

One, two, three taps on the armrest panel, and a blaster ejected from the hidden compartment into his hand. Without a second thought, Riq shot off a rapid-fire series of plasma bullets straight into Quantum's chest.

Black blood spewed from his ruptured sternum, spraying the shocked faces of his councilmates, before Quantum dropped like a lead balloon to the floor with a squelch.

The remaining Council turned in abject horror to stare agape at Riq, as he blew away imaginary smoke from his blaster.

"I never knew what the fuck he was saying, anyway." His trigger finger twitched. "Anyone else have something they want to add?"

For once, the Council vote was unanimous.

Riq smirked. "I didn't think so."

...

Whack.

Rick hadn't even thought about Citadel registration.

Whack.

When he and Chi had first hashed out the plan to get back at the Council, it'd been dismissed outright. After all, Chi had never gotten registered, and he'd been living in the Citadel for years. The code he'd worked into Rick's Elite membership card served as enough camouflage, overlaying his ex-convict identity with a bourgeois persona, and bypassing the registration procedure entirely.

Whack.

They'd planned on Rick being in and out of the Citadel so fast, there was supposed to be no risk of having his cover blown. Besides, the idea of having to subject himself to the process, being held in place around the neck like an animal, didn't make it any more appealing.

Whack.

The Guard Rick's nose caved beneath Rick's fist.

But what they hadn't planned on was a Code Black.

"Rick! Rick, come on! H-he's already—he's not moving anymore!" Mouse's shrill cries broke through the deafening pounding of Rick's heartbeat in his ears.

He stopped, and the Guard Rick groaned, spitting up blood that clung to his lower lip. It was black. Nearby, another Guard lay on the ground in equally as worse shape. Rick didn't remember doing that to him. His fist, torn and bloody, pulsated beneath the brass knuckles he'd improvised out of a garbage lid handle.

More adrenaline than blood pumped through his veins, as his survival instincts were kicked into overdrive. His senses felt simultaneously keen and numb, like he were operating on minimal life support.

Run, hide, fight.

The mantra from his days in prison echoed in his head.

"Rick!" Mouse said again. He tugged on his arm, trying to draw him off, but what finally roused Rick's legs to move was the sound of more voices coming from down the alley. More threats.

In a heartbeat, Rick grabbed Mouse, and they ran.

To where, it didn't matter. There didn't seem to be anywhere that wasn't teeming with Guards in the middle of a crackdown. The cloud that was the Code Black was insidiously thorough. It seeped into every nook and cranny of the Citadel—a dark and smothering poison.

It had been even worse in the Celestial Quarter, with platoons of Guard Ricks swarming the area within minutes after Rick and Mouse had left the Eun-Rick's home. Just before they'd made their escape, Rick had caught sight of their hosts being solemnly escorted away as part of some regal procession, each member of the entourage bearing the same green marks on their cheeks.

Navigating the back alleys had been disorienting at first. Everything was either plunged into darkness or lit up to blinding brilliance under the ultraviolet effects, but it was only once their eyes had adjusted that the full impact of the Code Black came to light.

The Citadel was under complete lockdown.

Commercial establishments were closed and barred from access, turning the once bustling life of the entertainment districts into ghost towns. Citadel residents were dragged bodily from their homes, the streets crowded with them as they lined up like witless draft animals to be searched by heavily armed Guard Ricks.

It was the collar they were looking for.

Guards would demand the Rick and his Morty to show their registration mark or simply wrench their heads back to reveal the green band that decapitated them across the neck. It was no wonder, Rick thought, that Chi wore his turtleneck high and close fitting.

The green band was checked for authenticity, and then the Guard would stamp the "passed" registree's right cheek with a straight vertical green bar before moving on to the next.

The Ricks would bitch and moan, calling it an invasion of their privacy and threatening to pursue legal action, but they knew the Code Black superseded their personal rights, and in the end they would subject themselves to the searches with little spectacle. Anyone who resisted was summarily beaten into submission—the Mortys more often than their Ricks.

Each time Mouse heard one cry out in pain or protest, he would curl over on the spot, his hands fisting the front of his shirt. He'd been sick twice as they made slow but steady progress out of the Celestial Quarters and into the bedlam that was the main atrium.

Witnessing their first public execution taught them the full extent of the Code Black's wrath.

Ricks and Mortys had knelt in a row, hands on the backs of their heads and a Guard behind each one. It was only when the Guard Ricks were delivering their last rites that Rick realized what they were about to do. He'd managed to shield Mouse's eyes just before there was the zap-zap-zap of plasma rifles going off followed by the heavy slapping of bodies on the ground.

Then they ran some more. Past empty bars and broken windows, toppled plumbus displays and blood-streaked walls. Past more Guards with overheated rifles and faces twisted in sick delight, past stairwells sardinized with unregistered Ricks and Mortys in hiding.

But Rick already knew that hiding was useless. He hadn't even made it halfway down the block when he'd heard their chorus of screams echo off the building walls. And then dead silence.

Once they'd made it to an empty plaza in a high-class neighborhood—the facades done in classic gothic architecture—Rick finally trotted to a stop to catch his breath. The place had already been combed through by Guards, and any Elite Ricks residing on the upper floors kept their blinds tightly drawn, shutting out the chaos.

Mouse was far worse for wear and practically threw himself to the ground to gasp and wheeze, curling into a ball. He'd forgotten to put on his shoes when they'd fled the Eun-Ricks' home, and the soles of his feet were badly scuffed and filthy.

"I-I can't go anymore!" Mouse said, his voice reedy and cracked around the edges.

"C'mon, babe. Just—just a little further." But Rick knew it was bullshit, and Mouse seemed to know it too.

Mouse curled his arms over his head, fingers digging divots into the flesh of his nape. He sobbed, "It hurts—! Rick, it hurts so much!"

"H-hey." Rick dropped to one knee beside him. "We'll find you some shoes. It'll be—" When he placed a hand on Mouse's back, he felt him quaking fiercely, his heart hammering too fast to be healthy. And Rick knew it wasn't his feet that Mouse was talking about.

Every blow that fell on his brethren fell on Mouse, their suffering becoming his own. He was going be torn apart at this rate.

Rick was about to say more, when a pair of Guards stepped into view from around a nearby building. They had a hapless Rick and Morty at gunpoint and were nudging them backwards into the plaza, preparing them for a private execution.

Immediately, Rick scooped up Mouse and dove for the closest cover—the narrow space between a café and cigar lounge. It could hardly be called an alley, with barely enough room for Rick to stand chest-to-chest with Mouse.

"What the fuck?! He's my Morty!" the Rick was yelling.

Rick peered around the corner to see the Rick and his Morty—a shivering, little thing whose blue shirt glowed warmly in the blacklight. Without any warning, one of the Guards swiftly grabbed the boy around the throat and held him aloft.

"Wait!" The Rick's eyes kept flicking nervously between his strangled Morty and the rifle aimed at his chest. His tongue peeked out to lick his lips. "H-he's from one of the wild dimensions. G-316! You can check my portal gun history. I caught him fair and square! I-I just haven't had time to register him yet—"

Apparently, the Guards didn't care for his explanation, because the butt of one of their rifles did an effective job of shutting him up and breaking his teeth in the process.

The Rick collapsed on the ground, black dribbling onto the pavement. As he groaned and held both hands over his bleeding mouth, the lead Guard signaled to his partner.

At his silent command, the second Guard drove his fist into the dangling Morty's stomach. Even from his hiding spot a few yards away, Rick could hear something wet pop. Then he dropped him to the ground.

Up against Rick's chest, Mouse began to whimper like he, too, had been punched in the gut. The sound was like the death rattle of something drowning and barely able to keep its head above water.

Unable to drag his eyes from the scene, Rick wrapped his arms around Mouse and held him close, feeling him shiver under his hands.

Out in the plaza, the Morty gave a long, high-pitched yowl and doubled over in pain, his sneakers skidding across the pavement as he kicked.

"Hey!" the Rick gargled, managing to rise unsteadily to his feet. "Th-the fuck are you doing to my Morty?!" Flecks of blood and what Rick could only assume were splinters of teeth flew from his mouth.

He'd almost made it to his Morty's side, already reaching out for him, when the lead Guard took out his blaster, aimed it at the prone Morty, and discharged a single shot into his head.

Mouse squeaked at the sound of the blaster, and Rick quickly crouched down on his haunches to hush him gently.

"H-he—heii—" Mouse keened, the panicked sound like shards of glass embedding themselves into Rick's heart. Torn between sympathy and self-preservation, he clamped a hand over Mouse's mouth and shook his head.

Then he looked back.

Unable to form words anymore, the Rick shrieked over the dead body of his Morty. His blood-splattered face was twisted into a horror mask of rage.

"No Epiphanies detected, Riq, sir. Another dud," the Guard reported calmly into his badge. Then he leveled his gun at the Rick.

"W-what are you—b-but I'm registered! See?" He yanked down the collar of his shirt to bare his green-striped neck. "I'm registered!"

"For obstructing justice."

Rick turned away before he had to see his doppelganger's face get blown to bits, though the sound of flesh opening beneath the phaser's burn left little to the imagination.

He then felt a warm wetness on his fingers. Mouse's frame was wracked by full-body heaves as he cried. Rick tried hushing him with as quiet a voice as he could manage, holding Mouse's face between his hands. He pressed their foreheads together.

It's okay. I'm right here. I'm right here.

"Look at this goddamn mess," one of Guards said. "I told you not to fuck up their faces!"

"You try shooting a Morty when he's wriggling all over the place. And hey, at least I left you the choiURRPce bits. You sick fuck."

There was the clatter of a belt buckle then the telltale disk-scratch of a zipper being lowered. "Don't judge. You know you like to watch. Now, gimme a hand with his jeans."

"Only if I get this end."

The rustle of cloth was deafening in the still air, followed by the Guards huffing and grunting with effort. Mouse crumbled to his knees, his hands around Rick's wrists. He looked straight through Rick, unseeing, as his whimpers rose to faint babbling.

"Mouse. Please. You gotta be quiet, babe," Rick rasped in earnest. Sliding down to the ground, he pulled Mouse onto his lap.

That link that tied Mouse to Rick was now a tenuous bridge, splintered and too precarious to cross. There was no place for words as he crushed Mouse to his chest, hoping to calm him.

Mouse's sobs grew louder still.

"You—you hear something?" one of the Guards grunted between pants, and Rick could hear the sound of pavement being ground underfoot, a boot turning on its heel.

I'm sorry!

In an act of desperation, Rick covered Mouse's lips with his own, swallowing his cries. He gripped the back of his head and held him captive as he filled Mouse's mouth with his tongue to silence him.

Mouse pushed against Rick, beat at his chest with his small fists. He tried to pull away, but Rick held fast, smothering him so that they could both stay alive another minute, another second.

Smack, smack, smack. The Guards had fallen into that unmistakable rhythm, flesh colliding with flesh in a grotesque mockery of sex, because there was nothing human about it and the Morty was dead and his blood was still drying on the pavement. These were monsters rutting, plain and simple.

He lost track of how long they stayed like that—Rick fighting to ignore the perversion happening right behind them, and Mouse fighting against something he didn't understand.

As the Guards reached their noisy, sickening climaxes in quick succession, Mouse's punches weakened, slowed. Stopped.

He'd fainted.

For a moment, there was a blessed quiet, interrupted only by the heavy breathing of the two Guards. Rick didn't dare move as they finally tucked themselves in and moved away, leaving the stench of fresh blood and debauchery in their wake.

One minute. Two.

At last, he dared to breathe. When he pulled back, Mouse looked like he were asleep in his arms, but his brows were knit too tightly to be the work of any peaceful dreaming.

He tried shaking him awake, but he wouldn't stir. A gentle press of his fingers to his jugular revealed a strong and steady heartbeat. Thank god.

For a few minutes, he sat there, a regular stream of ORA's connection status updates his only company. Her servers were unavailable, and even the personalized signal that allowed Rick to command his nanos had been compromised. The Code Black had thoroughly shut down all means of communication.

For the first time since he came to the Citadel, Rick felt truly, profoundly alone.

In a dingy alleyway with the crackle of blasters echoing through the empty plaza, Rick cradled Mouse's limp body close and rocked him slowly.

He told him that he was sorry, that he didn't know what the hell to do anymore. With each quake of his shoulders, Mouse's head lolled against his chest.

Déjà vu sat sour on Rick's tongue, an unwelcome visitor. It hadn't been that long since the last time he and Mouse had found themselves trapped in an alley, at wit's end, hiding from certain death, and Rick didn't know if he had enough luck to get them out of the same situation alive twice.

Suddenly, the firm barrel of a gun against his head made a torrent of hot-then-cold wash through his body, and his stomach convulsed painfully. He squeezed his eyes shut.

Well, Ricky-boy. This is it. You get to die in the gutter, right where you belong. Worthless piece of—

"Well, ah'll be. If'n it ain't mah good pal, X-ey."

Rick startled at the familiar Southern twang, and he snapped his head up.

"Good tah see ya, pardner," C-165 said with a grin. His signature red cowboy boots and gallon hat were swallowed up in the blackness, giving him the appearance of a legless, floating ghoul. But his belt buckle—as big as his fist—glowed like a hot coal just above his crotch. The only other luminescence came from the green pass mark under his eye that crinkled into a zigzag with the force of his smile. He rolled a worn toothpick between his lips.

C-165 tapped Rick on the head once more with what was, in fact, not a gun but an apple and tossed it up and down in one hand like he'd just come back from a pleasant trip to the market.

With a little grunt, he squatted in front of him. "Dun' mind mah pryin', but ah'd say yer havin' a li'l trouble there, ain't thaht right? Pardner?" A nod of his head and tip of his hat, and Rick followed his gaze to Mouse who lay curled in his arms.

Rick twisted away, shielding Mouse on automatic, as his shot nerves got another fresh dose of adrenaline. Danger! Liar! Run! his brain screamed, but before he could put that thought into action, C-165 had grabbed Rick by the arm and hauled him to his feet without breaking a sweat.

He'd almost forgotten how strong the guy was.

The moment he was up, Rick took a step back, holding Mouse out of the cowboy's view. "H-how the fuck did you know we were—I mean, I was here?" The plaza had been empty, save for the encounter with the Guards, just minutes earlier.

C-165 shrugged, glancing off to the side as he answered, "Jus' lucky, ah guess." His eyes glittered with mischief. "An' speakin' o' guessin', ahm guessin' ah came at jus' the right time." He tapped a long finger to the green band around his neck. "Looks like sumbody fergot to put on their choker," he teased. "N' it's a right gala we're havin' tanight!"

A flash of gunfire went off somewhere in the distance behind him, illuminating his grin. The juxtaposition between the carnage and his deranged amusement made Rick balk.

C-165 then cocked his head, a renewed interest lighting his eyes as he slinked forward. "Now, who's yer li'l buddy there, hm?"

"N-no one," Rick stammered, feeling his hackles rise as the cowboy stepped into his personal bubble. A corner of his lip twitched, the start of a sneer.

Normally, he wouldn't have let some stinking Rick near him, especially with Mouse so vulnerable. However, he felt frozen in place as C-165 allowed himself a closer look. Even when the cowboy raised a hand to touch Mouse, all Rick could do was swallow thickly and work his mouth like a beached fish.

What was the matter with him?

"My, my." With surprising gentleness, C-165 tilted Mouse's head away to bare his unmarked neck. He clucked his tongue, running a finger down his slender throat. "Well, ain't you jus' full o' surprises." Rick didn't miss how C-165's hand mirrored his own tender caress from just hours earlier.

C-165 looked like he was about to say more but merely tapped the apple against his pursed lips in thought. He then reached into his breast pocket and retrieved a small applicator—the same kind used by the Guards.

Rick looked at it warily.

"No need ta git in a tizzy, pardner," C-165 said calmly, his hands raised in surrender. "Mama always sayd ah had them sticky fingers. Yer in uh bad box, and ahm just tryin' tah help. If yous aimin' tah get outta here above snakes with'n yer li'l feller too, yer gonna need this." He waggled the applicator in a manner that said, See? It don't bite.

Part of Rick seethed at the idea of relying on anyone else for help, but a whimpered moan from Mouse reminded him that he was notin a position to be picky. Besides, C-165 had never actually done anything to outright hurt him before. Sure, he could use a lesson on personal boundaries, and there was that peculiar stand-off during the last Morty Auction. But just like everything else about this Rick, it seemed he'd only done it to get a rise out of him.

Evidently, the cowboy had a penchant for hijinks. C-165 was harder to read than a Triangulum Theorem, but he didn't seem to mean them any real harm.

"F-fine. But make it quick," Rick bit out. Then he let himself and Mouse be stamped on the cheek, the garish mark now all that stood between them and persecution. It hung like a solitary tear beneath their eyes. "Th-thanks."

"No problemo, compadre." C-165 tucked the applicator away and took a few steps, his spurs jangling. He stopped and tossed over his shoulder, "You comin' or what?"

"Coming where?"

The cowboy let out a laugh, shaking his head. "Ah got a ship sittin' in the dockin' bay. Ol' Rick Rogers here'll show you'n yours a ride outta this round-up, no questions ask'd." He tipped his hat again, his face completely in shadow. "So ah suggest we make tracks."

Rick wavered in place, the promise of freedom sitting in staunch opposition to all he'd been working toward, all that he'd promised Mouse.

Now that they had the pass marks, travel would be that much easier. Guards would be able to tell with just a glance that he and Mouse were off-limits, leaving them to traverse the Citadel without risk.

But would the plan to overthrow the Council or their own survival take priority? There was only room enough for one.

As if on cue, Mouse gave another weak, little groan and nuzzled unconsciously into his chest.

No. They needed safety. Now.

"All right. Let's go."

An ear-to-ear grin split C-165's lips to reveal the icy glow of his teeth. "All right, pardner. I kin set with that."

Without another word, they left the plaza together.

The difference the little stamp made was instantaneous.

Rick's muscles were still tense as wound-up springs when they passed their first squadron of armed Guards, but amazingly enough they looked right through Rick as if he were an apparition.

Whereas Rick avoided eye contact, C-165 brazenly nodded to the officers like they were pals. And was that a nod of esteem they were giving him in return? Just who in the hell was this C-165 guy, Rick wondered, and why did it seem like he had the respect of damn near everyone that crossed his path?

Rick puffed up his chest and stood a little taller as they walked without interruption across the stretch of atrium, C-165's poise contagious and comforting.

The further they walked, the more apparent C-165's sway over Citadel security became. He was a wolf among lap dogs, perfectly at ease, and crowds parted to let him through without question.

In fact, the very energy of the Guards was subdued now, lacking the ruthlessness it'd held before. They gave him one look and then backed down, mumbling something into their badges before returning to their searches—wait. Not even. Most seemed to have abandoned the task, and at one point when Rick looked back from where they'd come, he could've sworn the Guards had disbanded entirely, the Code Black still coloring the scenery but not nearly as deadly now.

When they reached the doors to an elevator bank, C-165 swiped a card through the reader, and the doors opened invitingly.

Once inside, the lights flickered to life, dispelling the ultraviolet ions that painted the air. For the first time since the Code Black came into effect, Rick could finally see things the way they originally were.

C-165's hat and boots reclaimed their familiar color, as blood-red as the apple in his hand, white was properly white, and everyone's teeth finally stopped glowing.

"Huh." Rick glanced around, trying to squash how fucking relieved he felt to have things back to normal. "So the Code Black d-doesn't work in elevators, I guess?"

"Hm?" C-165 hummed. "Well, ah'll be durned." He punched a button near the bottom of the columns of floor numbers, a red ring lighting up around it.

Rick chose to act like nothing were out of the ordinary—like it were perfectly normal that he was riding in an elevator with a Rick he barely knew while the whole Citadel had become a slaughterhouse—and he shrugged, trying to work out a kink in his shoulder. The movement shifted Mouse in his arms who murmured in his sleep. He scrunched his eyes against the brightness of the elevator's glaring lights but didn't wake up.

"Will ya look at 'im. Ain't he a beaut." Sidling up to Rick's side, C-165 leaned in close, like he were cooing over a shiny Rolex. "Anyone ever tell you ya got a purdy li'l thing there?"

"Anyone ever tell you that sounds creepy as hell?" Rick tried to keep his tone light even though he wanted to slug him where he stood. C-165 had just done him a solid, and he still needed his help getting out of this hellhole. "H-he's just a Morty. You see one, you've seen 'em all. Y-ya know what I mean?" He coughed, trying to move on from the subject. "Anyway, tell me about this ride of yours. It a dual-thruster? Your dimension discover class-III hyperdrive yet?"

C-165 continued, undeterred. "Oh, somethin' tells me he ain't likeother Mortys."

As the elevator whooshed downward, a chime sounded, marking the passage of each level.

1...2...3…

Rick really didn't like the way C-165 had avoided his questions, but he chalked it up to just another symptom of his domineering personality.

C-165 kept talking.

"Now, what's an X-Rick like yerself doin' with an unregistered Morty?" He crossed his arms and leaned back, looking like he were in an old-time saloon rather than a space-age elevator. "If'n you've got one bit o' sense—an' ah know you's do—then you know better'n anyone that that kin land you in a whole heap o' trouble."

4...5...

That a threat? said the paranoid part of Rick. "Yeah. I sorta guessed—finally figured that one out." He hoped his nonchalant grin didn't look as flimsy as it felt.

6...

For some reason, a line of sweat began to bead his brow, although the temperature in the elevator hadn't changed.

With a shrug, C-165 turned to the side, looking whimsically at nothing when he spoke again. "Ah once had uh Morty just like 'im. He was special. Ain't no doubt about that."

7…

"Right. So, y-you got a name for this ship?" Rick started again, trying to steer them back into safer waters. "Maybe the Bucking Bronco?" he said with a chuckle.

"Yep," C-165 said, introspectively examining his apple, as he continued his own conversation. "N' we used tah have some wild times t'gether. Ah'll tell ya that." As he chuckled, he withdrew a small knife from the holster at his hip. It was more handle than blade, really. It didn't even clear three inches.

A fruit knife.

8...

He pressed the blade against the side of his snack, the squelching as it bit into the flesh sounding lewd to Rick's ears. Then he began to peel it, the carmine skin unwinding in one single strip.

"Ah really took a fancy to tha boy. Thought we had something special. Somethin' real special." When C-165 looked at Rick again, all the mirth had left that Cheshire Cat grin, and Rick felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end. "So one day..."

9...

"One day, ah thought ah'd try'n take parta 'im with me."

The light from above glinted off the blade to flash in Rick's eyes, temporarily blinding him. Dread pinched at the back of his neck, and a shiver of something oily and nefarious dripped down his spine. Rick tried to take a step away, but he found that his back was already against the elevator wall.

"That got his master right mad," C-165 said with a manic glee in his eyes. He then held the skinned apple to this mouth and took a juicy, obscene bite.

"Sub-level 10. Please watch your step while exiting," came the sultry elevator announcer.

The moment the doors swished open, a line of deadly looking Guard Ricks with equally deadly looking plasma rifles greeted him. At his back, he felt the bite of C-165's blade press against his kidney.

"See, his master don't like people takin' 'is things."

With an encouraging shove, Rick stumbled out of the elevator, gripping Mouse closer to him. It was only when he looked up again that he realized the lights were normal here as well.

The Code Black had been lifted, meaning the Council had found what they were looking for.

"Good of you to finally join us, Rick of X-280."

It was a Rick's voice, just like any other, and yet it made his blood run cold and his balls retreat. The cadence carried an unparalleled arrogance and evil, like the Devil himself had ascended from Hell to address mere mortals.

Then the sea of Guards parted, and Riq IV stepped forward in all his infamous glory. Towering and pristine in his regal council garb, he was the epitome of control, while Rick cowered pathetically before him. His eyes, black and dead as a shark's, gleamed with unholy avarice as they landed on Mouse.

"And you brought me a gift."

"Oh, God," Rick croaked, his bowels threatening to go loose on him.

"You don't know the half of it."

Long before his seat on the Council, long before even the Citadel was anything more than a mass of spare ship parts, Riq always got what he wanted.

Money, status, the respect and affection of others—nothing was beyond his reach. He didn't let guilt or fear of failure hold him back from indulging in all of life's successes; no noble deed was too lofty nor nefarious activity too incriminating. Where others stumbled or got cold feet, Riq strode on through life, confident and capable and winning.

But as the years went by and his ambitions grew greater, Riq began to suspect that perhaps there was something else he was missing out on. He'd already mastered all that the practical world had to offer. What of the fantastic, that which lay beyond the laws of science?

Between the discovery of the Book of Morty and his continued elevation above his inferior brethren, Riq started to entertain the idea that his role in the universe transcended that which was reserved for mere man. He'd written off the concept of gods, of an unseen higher power that stood defiant in the face science, but what if he was, in fact, that higher power?

What then would be within his reach?

Riq leaned forward to brush the backs of his fingers against The One's forehead.

Although the young boy lay like a pretty corpse on the bed, the skin beneath Riq's fingers was warm. He traced the sorrowful peak of his small brows to wander down one cheek, recreating the trail of tears long gone dry. The One's slack lips were parted, soft puffs of breath warming Riq's thumb as he ran it across them.

Other Ricks would never attain the level that Riq did, theirhumanity being what held them back. They considered themselves human and acted accordingly. Humans had self-imposed limits as to what they could achieve. Humans were slaves to their basic biology—hunger, hormones, circadian rhythms. It's what kept them simple creatures, locked in a cycle of pleasure sprees and petty pissing contests.

But Riq knew he was much more than that. He was destined to occupy a higher place in the universe, one unreined by the shortcomings of humanity. It was why Riq had risen from among so many to become a leader, conqueror—and soon god.

"The One True Rick," he murmured, relishing the sound of his own destined title. Within it held the promise of godhood, of being far above his infinite copies. For what did it mean to be "the one" unless it meant being the only one?

His legend had been laid out in the pages of the Book of Morty, sprinkled throughout stories of The One and his tribulations. Steadfast by his side was The One True Rick, a Rick beyond measure, brought to a greater level of being through the power their bond would create.

Yes, Riq would become The One True Morty's rightful Counterpart, and tonight would be the advent of their consummation.

This time, he would make certain of it. This time, there would be no mistakes. Their last encounter in his personal suite had been messy and unscripted. He'd been too overzealous; The One, still compromised by the imposter's influence. And the setting was all wrong. His reunion with The One was to be a momentous occasion, and Riq's own bedraggled bed of sullied, pungent sheets would never do it justice. This required finesse and a hint of poetic irony.

On the luxurious silken bedsheets of the winner's suite, The One now quivered in fever-wrought sleep as Riq explored his body with the reverent touch of a wine connoisseur surveying his most prized bottle of Syrah.

Years had gone into its production, and soon he would taste the fruits of his labor.

He'd just bent over for a closer whiff, when he bumped into a Eun-Rick who was running a damp sponge along The One's neck. He slapped at his hand, and the pathetic thing yelped, nearly dropping his sponge as he stammered an apology. He then bowed his head and hurriedly moved on to The One's legs to continue the bath.

Riq had ordered the trio of Eun-Ricks to clean The One of contaminants, but he still loathed any interruption to the tour of his estate. They hovered around him, bathing The One's skin, trimming his nails, or adjusting his clothes—now more vigilant to remain clear of Riq's path.

Moving lower still, Riq smoothed a hand down The One's reed-thin collarbone, briefly teasing his chest as he slipped beneath the gold-trimmed robe that the Eun-Ricks had adorned him in. As it shifted, the trim caught the lamplight to glisten sharply. Two strips of sunlight in the dim.

His abominable T-shirt and jeans had promptly been removed the moment they'd entered the winner's suite, and even his homely, plain white robe was considered far too plebian to grace Riq's presence. Like any prized possession, Riq made sure that The One would wear only the finest frictionless silks harvested from the Lyfis worm. For himself, he had forsaken his Council garb, now irrelevant and beneath him, in favor of a matching robe which he had cinched loosely around his waist with a gold sash.

While the book had insisted that The Ones came from humble beginnings and donned humble clothes, Riq refused to be mistaken for a pauper when he was already a king and would become so much more than that tonight.

The One echoed his eagerness in the heartbeat pounding in his chest, and Riq leaned towards it, drawn to that sign of life like a wolf on the trail of a rabbit. His weight pressed into the mattress, enough to make The One's head loll to the side. Eyes still locked in sleep, The One turned to face him. Eager. Seeking. Riq's heart leapt, falling head over heels in lust all over again.

Sucking in a deep breath to cool his libido, he walked his fingers down The One's ribs then belly, kicking aside the robe until it slid off his thin hips. The sight of his bared member beneath a blush of pubes made him pause and gaze at it longingly. Plump and smooth, he had the inexplicable urge to put his lips around it, to feel its rubbery weight on his tongue. He wondered if it would pop like a grape if he bit into it, if he could drink him down that way. Instead, his fingers tiptoed along its base, stirring the fine, brown hairs and tracing the spiderweb burst of a scar on one side.

He frowned.

Never before had Riq held such contempt for those pompous Elite asswipes. The after-hours Morty Auction was designed to appease their egos, give them a taste of his divine leftovers. But they couldn't even play with their new toy without ruining it. It'd taken two days too many to ferret out the identity of the Elite who had dared maim The One like this, with Riq just inches from decimating their entire registry in his hunt for retribution.

As always, it was his reliable righthand man, C-165, who had delivered the culprit. Despite Auctioneer Rick's stubborn protests, C-165 had stepped forward with the trembling Elite Rick in tow. ß-018 had denied the allegations adamantly, but justice was swiftly exacted within hours of his detainment, and Riq had felt a sense of completion after he'd jettisoned him into Xulla's first sun. Sure, it'd meant losing a high-earning Elite, but to harm The One so irrevocably was as bad as insulting Riq himself. And that was an offense punishable by death. If that sniveling double-crosser were still around, Riq would gladly gut him like the snake that he was.

A miserable cry of pain suddenly disrupted his musings.

"Now, now, C-165," Riq said, raising his hand. "That'll be enough. Remember, I want him alive to see this." Hefting himself to one elbow, he watched dispassionately at the scene playing out across the room.

In the tiled corner of the winner's suite sat the X-Rick. His ankles and wrists were strapped firmly to a metal chair, his head hanging loose as blow after blow from C-165's knuckles landed. The front of his jumpsuit was soaked with blood, and the tiles beneath his spread legs resembled a bouquet of red and white tulips, their wiry stems flowing down to the single drain hole.

After delivering another skull-cracking punch, C-165 stopped and gave a loud whoop. "Aw, hell fire! You knows ah'm jus' gettin' warmed up," he panted around the toothpick in his mouth. He rolled his shoulders and cracked his neck, pacing in front of their prisoner like a dog on a leash.

Shirtless but still sporting his cowboy hat, C-165's skin glistened with the sweat of exertion. He was fitter than most Ricks, his arms hewn to sinewy marble, and he boasted an Adonis belt that rippled with each inhalation. He'd been going at the X-Rick for the better part of an hour, and there was an unmistakable, adrenaline-induced bounce to his step as he paced. Riq's ever-loyal bloodhound.

Now, C-165—he was an Elite Riq could trust. He'd done a good job of delivering the X-Rick and The One to him, without ever laying a finger on either one of them. Their respective suffering and sanctification would be carried out at Riq's command, and it was only once they'd entered the winner's suite that C-165 was given free rein to reap the rewards of his self-restraint. His directive had been simple: Make the X-Rick hurt.

As with everything, though, C-165 did it to the nth degree. If Riq didn't intervene, the maverick might kill the X-Rick before Riq had finished what he set out to do. It was just one of the many ways that Riq considered C-165 similar to himself: They were both men of extremes. This was perhaps why, for rarely ever trusting anyone, Riq trusted his hired gun.

He peeled himself away from the inviting space of The One's side, stopping only to sniff and add, "And for god's sake, Eun-Rick, don't forget to clean his feet. Just because yours are filthy doesn't mean his have to be." A chorus of servile "yes, Master"s answered him. He then slipped off the edge of the bed, readjusted his chub like the gentleman he was, and strode across the floor to where the X-Rick sat slouched in his seat.

"Well, X-Rick," Riq started. "I hope C-165 was able to knock some sense into you. Are you ready to start listening now?"

The X-Rick didn't answer or move. Riq flicked a glance at C-165, who grabbed a fistful of the X-Rick's hair and wrenched his head back. The prisoner hissed, his hands flexing in their bindings. Beneath the gashes and bruises, his face was hardly recognizable—despite it being Riq's own. Blood had glued his left eye shut with the other hidden beneath a swollen brow.

Riq grimaced then twirled a finger in the air, looking away. "Hit him with the juice again. I don't want him passing out on me."

"Yessiree." C-165 reached behind the chair for a bag of lime-green liquid that hung from a hook. A translucent tube snaked down from the bag, around the seat, and into a needle taped to the inside of the X-Rick's arm. C-165 twisted open a valve at the bottom of the bag, letting a length of the regenerative serum bleed down the tube. Moments after it reached its insertion point, the X-Rick spasmed once—a full-body twitch—before giving a long moan.

When C-165 yanked the X-Rick's head up again, the bruises had faded significantly, and the swelling had all but disappeared. The fast-acting restorative had been one of the most useful inventions to come out of Riq's farm of Elites. No doubt it could save countless numbers across the multiverse from suffering, able to turn the tide of any battle—or simply serve as an aid to his interrogation techniques.

There was fire once again in the X-Rick's eyes when he glared up at Riq, and he sneered before spitting a thick globule of blood from his healed lips. It hit the tiles with a wet smack. "Why don't you just kill me already?" he croaked, and there was a hint of challenge in that voice. Like he were really expecting Riq to grant him freedom through death. Like there wasn't so much worse in store for him.

Riq barked out a laugh, too strained and too short to hold any humor. "And have you miss out on our little reunion?" He raised his arms to the room as a whole—the setting for the X-Rick's inevitable demise. Here, pleasure and persecution would be partners for the night. "No, you don't get to die yet."

The elixir had worked its way through the X-Rick's system, because he was able to put some sass into his next words. "What else do you want from me, O Mighty Cunt-cil Leader? I already admitted it was a dumb move trying to kidnap your pet Morty." He gave his best attempt at a shrug, even when the movement caused him obvious pain.

Riq had to clasp his hands behind his back to keep from striking the X-Rick himself. Just the mere mention of his transgression made red flash before his eyes. There were many things Riq could not stand, but to have something of his stolen from him—even an attempt—was unforgivable. "Agreed. Very dumb move for a very smart man, Rick of X-280."

Clearly unnerved by Riq's steady gaze, the X-Rick licked his lips then looked to the side. "Yeah, well, maybe not smart enough. M-maybe that's why I tried to keep your little toy for myself. Couldn't pass up the chance to get a-all those Epiphanies, you know?"

"Epiphanies?" Riq arched his brow, amazed by how piss-poor a liar the X-Rick was. Surely, he could do better than that. Riq didn't miss the way his eyes darted behind him to The One lying on the bed. He didn't miss the sweat that glistened on his temple. "Oh, I get the sense it wasn't just the Epiphanies you were after. I think you were after something more than that. Something much more...intimate." With a snap of his fingers, Riq addressed the Eun-Ricks who were still attending to The One. "Eun-Ricks. Ready the Munlockus horn."

This made the X-Rick's smirk slide off his face into a tight-lipped grimace. He swallowed but said nothing.

"Ah, yes. You know exactly what that is, don't you?" Riq had sauntered back to the bedside, where a Eun-Rick now stood, holding a small, open chest. Inside lay a single glass syringe. He plucked it from its velvet bedding and held it to the light, the clear liquid inside warping the wallpaper pattern behind it. "Of course. What Rick didn't fall into a little Munlockus Mayhem during his dirty 30s? God, you never forget your first sex bender while hopped up on this stuff. But I'm sure your memory of it is hazy by now." He placed the syringe back in its chest. "Maybe you'd like a refresher?"

The X-Rick jolted forward, as though he'd completely forgotten that he was still strapped in place. He struggled uselessly against the restraints before slumping back, chest heaving. "What—what are you going to do with that?"

"Dontchu worry, pardner," C-165 drawled, resting one arm casually over the back of the chair. The promise of entertainment was alight in his eyes. "Yous ain't the only one who needs a little—" He flicked the needle head embedded in the X-Rick's arm, making him grunt in discomfort. "—help tonight."

As if conscious that he was the topic of their discussion, The One gave a soft groan from the bed. His brows knitted together as he slowly roused from sleep.

"Do it," Riq said, nodding to the Eun-Rick who held the syringe. One of his brothers was already dabbing at the inside of The One's arm with a cotton swab, filling the air with the stinging smell of antiseptic. When the sniffling Eun-Rick didn't move, still standing by the bed, needle raised like some shellshocked junkie, Riq growled, "That was an order, not a suggestion."

The Eun-Rick looked back at Riq, eyes shimmery and hands trembling. "B-b-but, M-Master, we can't—we can't—" he began to sputter, backing away from the bed. Riq felt impatience begin to fester at the show of disobedience, but in the next second, the Eun-Rick's twin stepped in. He wrapped a strong hand around his brother's wrist.

"Forgive us, Master. It will be done." The laceration down the Eun-Rick's right cheek had healed horribly, a fleshy pink worm that glistened when he spoke. His usually grim face looked even grimmer as he took the syringe from his brother's limp hand. "As it must, Brother."

Once relieved of his task, the weeping dolt turned away to sob on the shoulder of the third Eun-Rick who had stood to console him.

Riq pulled a face at the excessive display of sentiment. "Get him out of here," he sneered, waving at the two meeker Eun-Ricks who clung to each other and ducked their heads in tandem. They moved swiftly to the exit, their shoulders drawn high, eyes fixed on the floor.

The remaining, competent Eun-Rick took his seat on the bed, a perfect embodiment of discipline and medical indifference as he flicked the syringe to dispel any bubbles.

"Today, Eun-Rick," Riq said from just behind his shoulder, anticipation making his hands flex, like they could already feel The One in their grasp.

When the Eun-Rick turned over The One's arm to reveal the paler flesh, he stirred and blinked his eyes blearily. He opened his mouth as if to say something, but the Eun-Rick hushed him gently as he felt for the vein.

"Don't you fucking dare—Mouse!" the X-Rick shouted from across the room.

Mouse?

But it was too late. The Eun-Rick slipped the needle into The One's arm and suppressed the plunger.

"Ah...!" The One's cry was weak, but the accompanying Epiphany still sent a flash of clarity through Riq's brain, and the X-Rick's strange outburst came to light.

After the tickle of Epiphany had faded, Riq smirked back at him. "Isthat what you call him? Mouse." His lips pursed into a kiss around the single syllable. There was something undeniably appealing about the name.

The X-Rick glared, slouched but stiff as a blade in his seat. "Why are you doing this?" he bit out.

"Very good, Eun-Rick," Riq answered instead, eyes locked on the small mark left behind by the needle. Blood swelled at the exit point, a perfect red pearl. Riq slowly pushed the Eun-Rick aside to press into it with his thumb then brought it to his lips. He swirled his tongue over the pad a few times, relishing the sharp copper libation. "You are dismissed," he added, distracted.

Unlike his artless brothers, this Eun-Rick paid his proper respects, bowing until his nose nearly brushed the floor and shuffling backwards as he made his way out of the room.

The drug was already taking effect, as evidenced by the way The One—or, rather, Mouse's breathing had become labored. A coat of sweat came shining to the surface, every pore releasing pheromones into the air in response to the aphrodisiac. Riq inhaled deeply, certain he could already taste his musk mixing with the blood on his tongue. He took his seat by Mouse's hip.

Please don't do this, he heard the X-Rick say. He sounded so sincere, his true, pathetic nature crying out plaintively.

"Oh, but I will." He ran his hand over Mouse's shorn hair, pleased with the way he nuzzled into his palm on automatic. "You've wronged me, X-Rick," he said, keeping his voice level despite the vitriol that burned just behind his tongue. "You've wronged me in a very bad way. And now you'll have to pay for that."

"But I already said—" His teeth knocked hard against each other as C-165 smacked him upside the back of the head.

"Hey, now. Settle down, compadre. The chief's talkin', 'n yous'd do right tah listen tah him," C-165 chided. "Ya might even learn a thing'er two."

Leaving Mouse in his drugged-out daze, Riq turned his head to address his audience.

"Do you know the story of Prometheus?" He ignored the X-Rick's confused look at his non sequitur and began to recite one of his favorite stories. "Prometheus was a trickster who took pity on the humans that lived at the foot of Mount Olympus. They were simple, sad creatures then, blinded by night and living in the cold.

"Being the bad egg that he was, Prometheus thought he'd help man and also anger the gods of Mount Olympus. So one day, Prometheus stole fire from the gods and gave it to man so that he could warm his home, cook his meat, and feel safe at night. Mankind considered Prometheus his savior. But Zeus—Zeus was outraged. And do you know what he did to Prometheus for stealing from him?"

C-165 reached down and dug his fingers into the X-Rick's flesh just beneath his ribs, where his liver was. It wasn't hard enough to cause any real damage, but the X-Rick still yelped like a child.

"We's got ourselves a li'l squawker, naw don't we?" C-165 cackled gleefully, scuffing him across the head again.

After cursing at his captor, the X-Rick spat, "Nice fucking story. So what? You're saying you're—you're some kind of god now?"

Riq hummed at the word. "Really, X-Rick. You make it sound like a bad thing." He watched as Mouse's fingers clutched at the duvet, his chest tense and quivering as he started to pant. "I'm simply answering the call to fate. The universe needs The One True Rick, and I intend to fulfill that role."

"The One True..." The X-Rick snorted. "Y-you honestly believe that bullshit?"

Riq's mood instantly soured. "Show some gratitude. That 'bullshit'—" He flicked a hand toward the bedside table where the confiscated chapter from the Book of Morty sat. "—was the only thing keeping you alive this far. I could've had you wiped off the face of the Citadel the moment you stepped inside."

"Yeah? Well, why didn't you?" Again, that challenge.

Rather than answering, Riq said to C-165, "I think our Prometheusneeds another reminder of his place. If you'd be so kind."

"Mah pleasure, chief." C-165 tipped his hat before selecting a metal wand with an orb on one end from the suite's collection of torture devices. Without any preamble, he flicked on its switch and jammed the sparking orb beneath the X-Rick's ribs. This time it wasn't just his fingers pretending to be the talons of the Caucasus eagle, and the X-Rick howled as he was electrocuted, his back arching off the chair as he tried in vain to escape.

"Lessee how tha hardest workin' liver in the galaxy handles this!"

As the X-Rick bucked and twitched like a drowning man, Riq sighed. "This is precisely why you're not fit to be The One True Rick. You have nothing, and you still act like somehow you're in charge here. Well, let me make something very clear." He raised his voice over the sound of the X-Rick screaming anew as C-165 shifted his attention to his groin. "Your punishment will be long, and it will be hellish. And as long as I keep you pumped full of that serum, you'll have no say in the matter."

Just then, Mouse gave a breathy whine, turning onto his side and burying his hands between his legs. The urge to reach out and touch him was strong, but Riq knew that the events of the book had to be allowed to run their course. This latest chapter that he'd retrieved from the X-Rick's person after his capture held even more promise than any before it, the final build-up to what would be The Ones' proper reuniting.

"Thus The One True Morty rejoiced and sought pleasure in Himself," he echoed, watching Mouse begin to squirm and rub his palms against his erection. And The Ones then joined in each other's arms.

Having tired of his toy, C-165 switched off the wand and tapped the head of it against his calloused palm as he circled the X-Rick's seat, considering his next move. Smoke rose in waves from the X-Rick's hunched shoulders, only the occasional fibrillation in his arms indicating he was still alive.

Riq continued, "The Book of Morty may have been right about many things, but it was wrong to choose you. You were only supposed to ready The One for his ordained master." The memory of their first botched reunion jittered through his mind, and he shook his head free of it. "And you couldn't even do that right. You fuck-up."

C-165 then gripped the wand in both hands like a sledgehammer, hefted it over his head, and slammed it down on the back of the X-Rick's right hand. The crunch of bones was audible even from across the room. Unable to scream, the X-Rick only whinged through clenched teeth. His jaw was locked shut from the voltage that passed through him. With a loud yee-haw, C-165 reared back and delivered another devastating blow to his left hand this time. The X-Rick twisted in his seat, huffing fitfully through his nose.

Mouse had begun to moan, suddenly unable to keep still where he lay, twisting and writhing, his erection tenting the front of his robe as he fucked the air with uncoordinated thrusts of his hips. Riq watched him, intrigued. No doubt the transition from unconsciousness to aphrodisiatic high was dizzying, to say the least, but his body was taking to the drug as well as could be expected.

He looked so ravishing, that even C-165 had to comment on it, a quiet little Mm-MM, he looks good enough tah eat, that was muttered under breath. Riq pinned him with a perplexed look as he stood idly by the X-Rick, tossing the electric wand in one hand before throwing it back onto the tool counter. When Riq met his eyes, the mercenary just gave an amicable wink, chewing on his toothpick with a lewd smack of his lips. He waggled his brow, head cocked.

It wasn't like C-165 to overstep his boundaries like this, and Riq was temporarily thrown by his brazenness. Shrugging off the strange anomaly, he cleared his throat and picked himself up to walk back to where the X-Rick sat, limp and gibbering to himself.

He lifted his nose, glowered down at the X-Rick, and said in his most condescending tone, "No, you're not deserving of the title of One True Rick. You're just a petty convict, a failure. An X-Rick," he spat. "And you'll—" He was about to continue, when the X-Rick gave a half-chuckle, half-grunt.

"Ye-yeah. Well, this X-Rick al-almost—almost got away with it."

"Don't get cocky, X-Rick." A quick nod from Riq, and C-165 unsheathed his small blade and pressed it against his throat. "The last idiot who 'almost got away with it' begged for death before I shot him into a sun."

Larynx squeezed beneath the sharp blade, the X-Rick gurgled uncomfortably before he managed a strained, "Funny. I see him standing right he—"

He hadn't even finished his sentence, before C-165 made his move.

Don't go spillin' the beans now, compadre!

Fast as a rattlesnake, his knife glinted like a fang and sliced across the X-Rick's throat. Blood spewed from his severed carotid artery, a rich fountain of red that splashed beyond the edge of the torture chamber's white tiles to coat the black marble.

"Jesus Christ! A little warning next time?!" Riq barked, stepping clear of the spray. After the initial gush, it poured down the X-Rick's front in a red waterfall.

"Pardon me, chief," C-165 said, cleaning off his blade on his pants legs before slipping it into his holster. He lifted his lips in what was supposed to be an apologetic grin but looked more like depraved delight, all the while leaving the X-Rick to choke on his own blood. "Ah was jus' gettin' sour on how's he was runnin' his mouth."

Riq rolled his eyes. He had always known that his dog had a feral streak that he'd never manage to break him of. It was a risk he accepted every time he employed C-165's mercenary skills, but as long as his crosshairs were trained on the target of his choosing, he could live with it.

Damn squealer bleeds like a stuck pig, he heard C-165 say.

"Yes. Well, as fitting as that title is—"

Nearly's bad as when ah tried tah lop off the kid's pecker.

Riq stopped, his ears suddenly burning. He turned to face C-165 who was busy opening the tap for the regenerative serum, indifferent to what he'd just admitted and without a shred of remorse.

"What did you just say?"

C-165 hummed and gave a distracted, "Say what, chief?" not even bothering to look up from his work. Behind Riq, Mouse gave another lusty moan.

Damn, he's louder than a cat in heat. I'd gladly scratch his itch.

"What. Did you. Just say?" Riq stalked slowly toward C-165, mindful to sidestep the pool of blood that glistened scarlet beneath the accent lighting.

Oblivious to the death glare his employer was giving him, C-165 let out a short chuckle. "Ah ain't said nothin', chief. You's must be hearin' things." His lips were moving, yet what Riq heard was much different: The sooner you get yer rocks off, the sooner ah'll have my turn with the lil' shaver. 'N this time, mah trusty blade, Kindness, ain't gonna miss.

He took a step forward. For a moment, Riq doubted his ears, but then his paranoia goaded him on—that persistent, nagging suspicion that told him no one could be trusted.

That's right. The cowboy's been playing you for a fool, Riq, a voice sing-songed inside of him.

Now nearly chest to chest with C-165, Riq's lips twitched into an empty grin. "Is that a fact?" he said, garnering another confused look from C-165.

He's the one who cut Mouse. And he's been sitting pretty right beside you the whole time!

"And did you just think you were going to get away with it?" Riq's hand slunk down to grasp the handle of C-165's blade sheathed at his waist. "You backstabbing snake."

He's been making a laughing stock out of you!

C-165 swallowed, bewilderment in his eyes. He tried to back up a half step but was stopped by the X-Rick's chair. "C-c'mon now, chief. Whatchu splashin' 'bout now? Ain't no reason tah be throwin' around fightin' words."

Ya jingled ol' mush-head. Ah got half a mind tah slice you up three ways from Sunday—

Make him bleed!

Face twisting into something inhuman, Riq wrenched the knife from its sleeve, grabbed C-165 from behind the neck, and stabbed the knife into his chest. The flat blade punched easily through the band of muscle and slipped between two ribs to plunge into his heart. With a snarl, he tugged the knife back and forth, driving it even deeper as C-165's legs began to buckle. He let go with a huff and was already turning away, as C-165 stared down at the Cupid's arrow made of stag horn sticking out of his chest.

What in tarnation?

Then he stupidly, stupidly grasped the hilt and pulled it out. Immediately, fresh blood oozed from the narrow hole, rich with oxygen, as it torrented down his six-pack. He tried to speak, but all that came out was a bubble of blood that filled his mouth. His eyes rolled back in his head, two white marbles, before he hit the floor with a crack, falling face first in the X-Rick's blood.

"This is why you don't mess in godly affairs," Riq said, partially out of breath. He ran a shaky hand through his now disheveled hair that was clumped with sweat. His sleeve came away damp when he wiped at his brow. "Fuck." He should've known better than to put any stock in a Rick.

At that moment, Mouse keened needily from the bed. I want you.

The message rushed through his head like a tide crashing on the shore, smothering any annoyance Riq felt for C-165's loss, until it was washed away. In its place, he felt an instant calm overtake him. It strengthened with every step as he made his way back to the bed, drawn toward it like an undertow. The allure of Mouse's supplication wrapped around him in a smothering caress, thick with the scent of arousal. Riq inhaled it like he were taking in his first breath of life-giving air.

Still locked to his chair, the X-Rick's pitiful gurgling had petered out to a low groan. The serum had closed the hole in his throat, but it couldn't replace the blood that he'd lost, and he now slumped over in his seat, weak with anemia. "Y-you're a real...piece of work..." he wheezed to Riq's back. "You sadistic...fucker."

Riq tucked up his robe and crawled, trancelike, across the bed on his knees toward his prize. Half-curled on his side, Mouse's eyes were unfocused and quivering with nystagmus until they landed on Riq.

Riq's throat tightened with emotion as he loosened the golden sash from around his waist. "I'm not entirely cruel, my dear X-Rick. Before you leave your miserable life behind, I'll let you see something spectacular. You will bear witness to the birth of a god."

"And you think...Mouse will want...anything to do with...you?" The X-Rick strained to be heard, to remain relevant, even when all of Riq's attention was already narrowed down to the delightful wonder that was waiting for him.

"Oh, it's not even a question, X-Rick," Riq replied, dropping his robe to his knees. His erection jutted out proudly, boasting a few extra inches over his look-alikes' thanks to pricey enhancements, and blood pulsed through the network of thick veins along its sides.

With no effort at all, Riq pulled Mouse up. His limbs were wet noodles as he sagged into his master's embrace, and he moaned at the slightest contact, his cock leaking liberally and twitching between the frame of his open robe.

I want you. I want you. I want you.

At the sound of Mouse's voice, Riq closed his eyes, feeling tears burn behind his lids.

"Don't you hear him? He's already begging for me."

It was at that moment that the X-Rick finally realized that he could not stop what was about to happen. His demeanor turned on a dime, his facade as the victim replaced by a feral animal. "Fffuck you!" he yelled with surprising force, given the sallow of his cheeks. He thrashed and kicked, only managing to squirm like a trapped vermin in the chair. Spittle flew from his mouth as he howled, "Mouse! Mouse, don't listen to him! Get away from him! Mouse!"

"R-Rick?" Mouse turned sluggishly in the direction of his voice, but Riq was quick to intervene.

"Now, now. Don't worry." Slipping a hand beneath his chin, he steered his face toward him to coo, "I'm right here, Mouse."

Drug-laced recognition glittered in Mouse's glowing eyes, and his cheeks were blushed that unmistakable Munlockus maroon. "Rick?" He blinked slowly. "Rick...!" Then, with an energy that was so unlike his earlier stupor, he threw himself against Riq—all desperate hands and mouth.

The aphrodisiac had worked better than expected, and Riq was caught off guard by the sheer passion of Mouse's advances. He was grabbing Riq by the ears to tug him close, licking shamelessly at his lips. The second Riq opened his mouth, Mouse dove in, lapping at his tongue in invitation to dance.

So overwhelmed by the tidal wave of affection he'd yearned for for so long, Riq's heart lurched, propelling him forward to grab Mouse's arms and return the kiss with equal fervor. It was messy, but he was delicious. The perfect blend of soft and wet, innocent and devoted—ambrosia made flesh.

Riq couldn't press himself close enough, every inch where Mouse touched him feeling simultaneously soothing and electric. His fingernails dug in too deeply where they gripped him, and Mouse squeaked into the kiss, setting off Epiphanies that babbled in his head like an unruly crowd. Everything was sharper and clearer, and Riq felt more alive than he had in ages. It was almost like the sterile temple of his mind was now a pit of lust-drunk worshippers, their imaginary voices singing his praises.

"R-Rick, I don't know w-what's wrong with meeee." Mouse broke the kiss and keened, clambering onto Riq's lap to rut against his stomach. Fingers tangled in his hair, anchoring him in place, he breathed against Riq's lips, "But I need you. P-please, Rick. I want you right now."

Riq's ears were filled with those sweet words, buzzing with Mouse's needy confessions until they seemed to echo throughout his head. Give it to me. Give it to me, Mouse repeated. It was intoxicating, if not a little disorienting, to hear his pleas consume him so thoroughly—almost like Mouse were calling from insidehim.

"Y-yes, my dear Mouse. Anything you want." And he would do anything for the boy in his lap. His love had been rekindled to the rightful inferno it had once been, that it was always meant to be. Yes, he would show him just how much he loved him. He would devour him, make him his, and Mouse—Mouse would make ichor run in his veins.

As they kissed, he slid his hand down the small of Mouse's back to cup one cheek through the silk robe. It fit perfectly in his palm, and he squeezed it appreciatively. He'd just crept one finger down the cleft of his ass, when the boorish curses of the X-Rick interrupted the moment.

"Cock-sucking piece of shit! I'll fucking kill you when I get my hands on you!" he roared. His voice was frayed horribly around the edges. The flesh of his throat still needed mending from C-165's blade, but he didn't hold back as he tore into his larynx anew to shriek, "Que te jodan! Que te jodan! Hijo de puta!"

Letting Mouse suckle at his neck, Riq turned a peeved look at the unwelcome disruption. "Almost forgot." With Mouse still latched to him like a hungry kitten, he leaned back to retrieve a remote from the bedside table. The way he stretched made it difficult for Mouse to reach him, so he had to settle for lavishing Riq's broad chest with affection instead. It was better than any whore he'd ever had, because this was The One, and The One loved him. That reminder was the one thing keeping Riq's temper in check, and he said with just a small amount of annoyance to the X-Rick, "It's time you rested that throat of yours."

"What are you—" But then the X-Rick seemed to catch on that he was about to lose his one and only foothold in this twisted game. Desperation was clear in his eyes as Riq pointed the remote at a small sensor at the base of the torture chamber. "Mouse, it's going to be okay!" he shouted. "Don't forget I lov—"

With a click, the X-Rick's voice went dead, the sound barrier having been activated. A faint, blue film settled over the X-Rick and his chair and C-165's corpse, sealing off that portion of the room so that while sound could still enter, none could leave—a useful feature for an Elite client who preferred to torture The One in peace and quiet.

"That's better." Riq dropped the remote and had just turned back to Mouse again when—

Cheating bastard! He hates you! You'd never get Mouse to touch you if you didn't drug him, and you know it! Keep your fucking hands off him!

Riq looked up sharply, expecting to see a glitch in the sound barrier. Maybe the seal was incomplete or he'd, in fact, accidentally switched it off again. But to his surprise, the blue film was still in place. And even more surprising, while the X-Rick was throwing every insult he knew at him, his lips were pressed together in a deep frown. So how was he able to...?

He didn't need to wonder much longer, as Mouse gave another wanton moan, ass wriggling under Riq's fingers. I want you inside me, he mewled, even with his mouth working sloppy hickeys across Riq's chest. With that fresh burst of Mouse's pleasure, the X-Rick's "voice" became clearer until it sounded like he were speaking right beside him.

He doesn't want you!

Riq looked from Mouse to the X-Rick, and with perfect clarity, the pieces came together.

A wicked grin scythed Riq's face, and he dropped his head back to laugh, a cruel, throaty laugh that deepened with each cackle. "Oh," he said, suddenly feeling giddy as a school boy. "Oh, that is rich." His eyes slid to the X-Rick who looked at him confused for a moment before realization dawned on his face. He had gone a lovely shade of white.

Oh, no.

Oh, yes. Riq thought back, already enjoying his new revelation. The idea was ludicrous, and yet...

He finally answered Mouse's pleas by stripping off his robe and latching his teeth around one hard nipple as he pressed two fingers into his puckered hole. Mouse caterwauled at the touch, and immediately Riq felt his mind not prickle so much as expand.

It became simultaneously vast yet full, occupied by unfamiliar thoughts that clashed with his own. His mind was already a cacophonous place, yet these new presences were like disembodied ghouls within the landscape, disruptive and strange. They were a chaos to his own chaos, taking the form of loose ribbons that snaked and fluttered in an unseen breeze. Curious to see where they led, he reached out and grabbed one.

It writhed in his hand, and slowly, patiently, he followed it back to its source—Mouse's mind. There, he found his thoughts spinning a lyrical tune around and around in one spot, an endless chant of want, need, want, need, want, need along with a plethora of lusty visions that made Riq's dick twitch.

While part of him wandered Mouse's mindscape, his body was fully in the moment, heaving and eager for its eventual reward. He swirled his fingers through the peculiar, warm liquid that coated Mouse's hole then rubbed it between thumb and forefinger. It was far more viscous than sweat and certainly didn't smell like it, he thought, as he held it to his nose. If anything, it smelled tart. A natural lubricant, then, he figured. A depraved chuckle released itself from his lips again. Oh, he was going to enjoy himself tonight. He pushed his fingers inside that tight whorl of flesh, drawing out more of the slick as well as Mouse's moans.

The redundant chant became a shuddered shout, the images dancing faster. Pretty but, ultimately, it couldn't hold Riq's attention for long. The Munlockus horn had either dumbed Mouse down to this vapid thing, or the kid didn't hold much in the way of intellect. He plucked absentmindedly at the ribbon just to hear that hymn of praise again.

A different thread chimed for his attention. Not bothering to probe Mouse's thoughts any deeper, he turned his sights, instead, on the other presence currently buzzing around his mind like a trapped fly: The X-Rick. Silenced in real life yet unable to hide now, his most private thoughts would be put on display for Riq's entertainment and exploitation.

How had the Book of Morty put it? Untold wonders, indeed. Riq had to commend the writer for pulling off such subtle wordplay. Never in a million years would he have guessed that the fateful passage had been referring to telepathy. And he realized, bitterly, that despite all his assumed power and control, this was the one thing that had always eluded him—the dark and deceitful world of others' minds.

However, now with this—"Resonance" the X-Rick called it?—nothing was beyond his reach. Granted access to the secrets of anyone he chose, he would know without question where his constituents stood, immune to lip service or lies. And those who even dreamed of crossing him—

The corpse of C-165 caught his eye where it lay cold on the white tiles.

—would never even have the chance.

"It's no wonder you didn't want to stick around for this, X-Rick. And here I thought you just dreaded having to see your little crush beg for my cock. But it looks like I'm going to be learning a whole lot more about you tonight."

While Mouse fucked himself on his fingers, the X-Rick's mind was splayed open beneath the force of the Resonance.

On its surface, Riq was first met with a coating of panicked threats—spiny, obnoxious things that Riq batted away effortlessly. Where one was knocked aside, however, two more sprouted up in its place. He tried scaling over or around them, the nonsensical theorems layered behind insults layered behind dramatizations of his supposedly gruesome death. Distracting him.

"What is it you're trying to hide from me?" he growled, grabbing Mouse by the base of his mohawk and wrenching his head out from where it was buried in his crotch. He'd been mouthing wantonly at the side of his cock, but foreplay wouldn't be necessary, and Riq was eager to skip the hors d'oeuvres and get to the main course. "There's no point in fighting. Before tonight is over, X-Rick, you'll be showing me everything." To Mouse, he crooned, "Now, love, show me everything."

Mouse's eyelids fluttered as Riq looked him over, and with a shaky nod, he turned around and lowered his chest to the bed, ass in the air, thighs spread. Head nestled in the duvet, he reached back to hold his cheeks apart, presenting himself to his master. Slick glistened invitingly from his twitching hole.

I want it. Please put it in me. I want it in me. That's all I want, he whined on repeat, although not a single coherent word left his pleasure-numbed lips.

"Of course, my love," Riq purred, "I'll give it to you just like you want," already advancing on his knees, his cock gripped in his hand and pointed at his target.

Tears of frustration and relief shined in Mouse's eyes as he wrapped his fingers around Riq's hand and joined him in guiding him to his hole. "Yes! Please, Rick! I-I want all of you!" he panted aloud, as the bulbous head of his cock began to press its way in. With a grunt, Mouse beared back and down, trying to take him in, but even thoroughly lubed, the ring of muscle stretched to near-breaking point around his girth.

Riq glanced over to see the X-Rick straining forward as far as he could go in his bindings. His eyes held murder in them, and his mouth was frozen open in one long, voiceless scream—trying to block out the sound of his lover's betrayal.

Sex was always so much better when someone was suffering for it. And just to make his point, Riq nudged his hips forward again, still meeting resistance. He could see the small hole struggling to fit him. Mouse sobbed and shook his head frantically. "I-I can't. Rick, you're too—too big!"

Riq choked at the flattering comment. "Not too big for my—my baby boy. Now, come on. I know you can do it." He'd had to insist on the matter the first time as well; he knew he could handle it.

Against the inaudible protests of Cabrón! Too much. Stay away from him! It hurts. I'll fucking kill you! But I want it. Riq dug his fingers into Mouse's slim hips and thrust forward, hard.

With a shriek and a lewd squelch, Mouse was impaled on Riq's shaft, his ass relenting to and accommodating the unforgiving size of him only by sheer miracle. His muscles spasmed around the invading member, sending jolts of pleasure through Riq, who sighed into the steamy wetness.

He was perfect. Utterly perfect. So small and frail but so brave to take all of him like this. For a moment, he stilled, relishing the feel of Mouse pulsing and alive around him, the sweet sound of his cries as he hiccupped and sobbed and moaned into the sheets. It was a beautiful symphony of pleasure and pain, with Riq as the conductor.

Epiphanies sparked and jumped amidst the Resonance, creating a duplex of both enlightenment and insight that sent Riq's mind reeling. He dropped his head back, eyes closed.

All knowledge, all secrets, all desires were now his. This was what it truly meant to be a god.

As Mouse babbled, high on the flood of endorphins, Riq drew out slowly then punched back in, each thrust bringing him another bout of pleasure that spanned the physical and mental realms. A spiderweb of thoughts—the entirety of the Citadel—hung before him now, grand and luminous. Catapulted through the Citadel, Riq caught a glimpse of the inner workings of every Rick within his domain. He saw their anger and joys, their lack of satisfaction and their petty indulgences as plainly as if they wore a placard stating them around their necks. Some spoke highly of him—they praised him by name. Others cursed him like the Devil he was. He would tour his domain to eradicate the dissidents, in time.

Right now, however, his sights were set on one Rick in particular.

Like a hand stroking up a lover's thigh, he followed the X-Rick's thread of thoughts into his psyche. "That's right. I'm in you," he crowed, all too aware of the double entendre. "I'm inside you, so let's see what. Makes. You. Tick." He punctuated each word with a brutal stab of his hips, jostling Mouse like a ragdoll who thrashed and clawed at the sheets.

As easily as stripping meat from bone, Riq tore into the X-Rick's mind, feeling him cringe somewhere on the periphery of his senses. Making himself at home, he brushed aside the superfluous noise of the X-Rick demanding that he leave, to go fuck himself, and other unmentionables that didn't bear acknowledging.

His resilience—and a sumptuous stroke along Mouse's cock that left the boy crying—paid off, and he finally found the X-Rick's little treasure trove of mutiny. There were excited lines of exposition and splintered conversations that played before him like a reenactment.

He saw the X-Rick speaking in earnest with a bespectacled Rick, words like "GF conspiracy," "Code Yellows," and "selling out" hovering over their ghostly forms like cigarette smoke. Just beside them was a wall filled with more linear information, points of data that intersected with profiles of Code Yellow Ricks.

Even if Riq weren't already so intimately knowledgeable of the subject matter, it wouldn't have taken him long to see what the X-Rick was planning: The Galactic Federation was revealed as the puppet enemy they were; the Code Yellows, just a convenient excuse to target dissidents and propagate fear. With only a few key pieces of data, the X-Rick had thoroughly dismantled the complex setup that Riq had toiled to keep secret. Or maybe not so secret, after all.

"Impressive," he had to admit.

A rash of what could only be called embarrassment flashed over his cheeks—that uncomfortable feeling he got whenever someone was trying to outsmart him. It made his sinuses tingle.

And the X-Rick had managed to figure this all out on his own? No, there was the other Rick with him—another X-Rick. Here in the Citadel. A perfect replica of the mystery accomplice materialized before him, complete with his personal feelings wrapped around him like a second skin.

"Oh, X-Rick," he tsked, hips never pausing in their ruthless pace. "An unrequited love? The poor Rickless bastard. He stuck his neck out for you, and now he's going to lose it. Maybe I should pay a special visit to your dear Chi. Before I kill him, I'll let him know that you were just off the mark this whole time. The facts were staring you right in the face, and you didn't even see them."

This caught the X-Rick's attention. He'd been twisted to the side, eyes clenched tightly shut, but now he slowly unwound and turned to face him.

"That's right. You missed something." One hand braced on Mouse's back, Riq pistoned into his dripping, hot hole as he glared at the object of his hatred. "You think you're so fucking smart. Thought you'd figured everything out, huh? About the Code Yellows? The GF?"

Sweat trickled down his temple, and he paused to flip Mouse onto his back, one slim leg tossed over his shoulder. He leaned back on his knees, fucking into Mouse at a new angle that drove the boy nearly mad with pleasure. Now each time he thrust into him, he could see Mouse's expression pinch with effort.

"R-Rick! I'm going to—oh, God!" he cried, both inside and out.

That's right, my love. Now you're catching on.

"Didn't you notice the patterns?" he said. "It wasn't just terror-Ricks who got a one-way ticket to GF prison. And you—you tried to reason them away with a damn footnote? Those outliers ruining your precious thesis—they were your X-Rick brothers! Or should I say ?-Ricks?" He laughed loudly at the X-Rick's stupefied expression. "It seems your friend was actually onto something. What did he call it? An 'alphabet soup circle jerk'? How witty. When the Book of Morty said your kind would try and claim the title of One True Rick, I needed to get you out of the way." Each thrust of his hips jostled Mouse forward inch by inch.

"And bless a Rick's weakness for superstitions! A little relabeling here, a little urban legends there, and X-Ricks are now as sympathetic as the Bubonic plague! After that, it was just a matter of slipping one in whenever a deceased Rick showed up on our lottery. And the truth is, nobody bats an eye when a filthy X-Rick goes missing."

Mouse continued to mewl as he was pounded. Head hanging over the edge of the bed, he gazed upside down across the room in the direction of the X-Rick, although his eyes were still fogged by lust. His hands flexed on either side of him like he were trying to grasp something that wasn't there.

By now, the X-Rick was watching intently, his shoulders squared and his head stiff as he looked directly at them, hardly even blinking.

The fuck? The nasty motherfucker actually liked watching his lover take it from another Rick. Bet he was a sporting a hard-on underneath that jumpsuit of his. Let him go out with a bang. He'd be dead before the night was over anyway. And it was too fun spelling out to the X-Rick just why his master plan was doomed to fail before it'd even properly begun.

"Even if you found out that the Council's been running the GF for years, who's going to listen to a measly X-Rick like you? You think you can just waltz in—" He hissed. "—and save the fuckin' day? Well, newsflash. Ricks are idiots. They were dumb enough to believe the Council when we announced the Code Yellows and our staged GF war, and they're dumb enough to keep believing it. After all, I am the fucking Council, and what I say goes. So if I say there's a threat, then there's a threat. If you defy me, I'll make your life a living hell. And best of all, X-Rick, the Citadel will keep dancing like a puppet on my strings, and there's nothing anyone can do about it."

Frozen in place, the X-Rick simply stared at Riq before slowly lowering his head. That was it. He'd finally managed to break him; he could see it in the droop of his shoulders, the limp curl of his fingers. The X-Rick had lost once and for all, and even Mouse would never accept him as—

My Rick…

Riq snapped his attention back to Mouse who was still gazing across the room from over the bed's edge. With a frustrated huff, he yanked him back up. No, he should be keeping his eyes on him and him alone, not the damned X-Rick. How dare he continue to corrupt The One's mind!

Determined to get to the root of Mouse's disillusionment, Riq looped the familiar ribbon of Resonance around two fingers and tugged Mouse's mind toward himself. To his relief, he found Mouse still singing for him in a drunken tune. The Munlockus horn had lost its fever pitch and was now a low and constant hum like a swarm of lazy bees. My Rick, played the chant. My Rick.

Yes. I'm yours. And, more importantly, you are mine.

Nestled snugly in his mind, Riq saw the two of them make love through Mouse's eyes, following up the strong muscles of Riq's thighs. His lean belly. Mighty cock. Ah, Mouse was reveling in Riq, idolizing him as the god he was. He was admiring his sturdy hands. Scarred chest—

Wait.

His bare chin—

No.

His gentle face—

No! No! No!

Where Riq's face was supposed to be, with its handsome goatee and piercing eyes, the X-Rick was staring back at him. Brought into stark relief, his irises appeared two-toned, one a paler blue than the other. This would've told Riq something—something of great importance—if he weren't so distracted by the genuine love that radiated from the X-Rick's lips as they were lifted in that fucking sappy smile.

Mouse, he mouthed, and in real life Mouse arched as though in reply, running his hands across his own chest and up his neck.

"Oh, Rick...I love you," Mouse moaned.

Riq could feel Mouse's arousal beginning to peak as he was fucked by—himself? The X-Rick? He didn't know anymore. Brows furrowed in concentration, Mouse's muscles began to tremble, contract. They squeezed desperately along Riq's length, and a lowing dripped from his lips as he clutched at his own shoulders in a hideous X.

"No!" Riq roared, grabbing Mouse's wrists and pinning them to either side of him. "Don't think of him! It's me!" He shook him. "I'mThe One True Rick! I'm the one you love!"

Mouse's eyes flew open just long enough to register Riq's face. His lips pulled down in disgust. "Y-you—" It was all he managed before his entire body seized, his fists straining against Riq's hold. He wrenched his head to the side, breath hitched.

The Resonance that came with his orgasm was immense, and Riq felt his mind swell to its absolute limit. It kept reaching outward until his brain was stretched to the diameter of a fiber optic cable. Clear and vibrant and unsettlingly empty. Where before there had been the countless voices of other Ricks yammering away inside him, they were now suspended at a distance, leaving Riq in a globe of nothingness.

In the next moment, Riq was yanked back, his mind narrowing down and down into the boy beneath him.

When he next opened his eyes, he was blinded by a piercing light. Blinking rapidly to adjust to the brightness, a curtain of pink greeted him. It moved, shifting and shimmering like scales on a fish, and it took Riq a moment to realize that the scales were, in fact, petals—pale pink petals that spun in a noiseless cyclone around him.

Incredible. What was this strange place? He wasn't even certain he was still in Mouse's mind, as the steady chants from before were now nowhere to be heard. Clearly, however, he was in no physical reality. When he reached out to the curtain of petals, his hand touched nothing. But it was the sight of his own fingers that made him go still.

They were knobby and gray, liver spots dotting the backs of his wrists and up his forearms. When he looked down, he hardly recognized himself. Near-translucent skin stretched over withered muscles, and his stomach was caved in to reveal the sickly bowl of his pelvis. He looked twice his age—a wizened old man one step from the grave.

It was then he realized he wasn't alone. Directly in front of him within the petal storm was Mouse. Wait, not quite. It was Mouse, but he was older. His naked body no longer held the gawkiness of a teenager but was fleshed out and muscular.

He was as he was meant to be—free of any worldly possessions, a creature of pure energy taking the form of this young man. The One True Morty. Any imperfections had been erased from his skin which seemed to emit a heavenly glow as he stood with his head bowed.

My One, Riq tried calling out to him, the sound both gargantuan and diminutive in this strange mindscape. He took a wobbly step forward but came no closer. Another step, and still the scenery didn't move, like he were trapped on an invisible conveyer belt that kept him in place. He called out again, and this time The One slowly lifted his head. When he opened his eyes, two pools of golden light glowed in their place.

Awestruck yet terrified, Riq drew back instinctively. His skin prickled like the air itself held a charge, and his ears began to ring from the smothering silence. The golden light grew brighter and brighter still, until it burned his retinas. He couldn't breathe.

The One opened his mouth to utter a single word.

"Imposter."

Riq blinked again and found himself once more in the winner's suite, cock now shriveling where it was still buried inside Mouse and sweat growing cold and clammy along his back. The aftershock of his orgasm—he didn't even remember cumming—had his breath coming staccato. It'd just been a strange vision, then. He was still here with The One. They were still—

Beneath him, Mouse was staring at him, his eyes sharp with a kind of sober and unforgiving clarity. There was no more masquerade, and Riq suddenly felt exposed—even shameful—for the sin he'd committed.

A desecration.

He only saw it coming from the corner of his eye, little more than a blur of flesh flying at him at full speed. And then there was the crunch of bone as the X-Rick's fist connected with his nose, and he was thrown off his mount.

Sputtering on the floor, he looked up in shock at the X-Rick who now stood over him, heaving. His wrists were shredded to hell, and dried blood blackened his grimy jumpsuit. His neck, though filthy, was healed, and his once broken hands were now clenched in trembling fists, the tendons shifting like guitar strings beneath the skin.

They looked ready to play.

...

The nanos hadn't even completed chewing through the straps around his wrists, before Rick had torn himself free from the chair. He didn't pay it any mind as he yanked out the needle from his arm, figuring that he still had enough serum in his system to repair the damage.

Blind to anything but Mouse being violated on the bed by that monster, he bounded across the room, reared back his fist, and threw all of his weight into a punch that knocked Riq clear off the bed. Never had the bruising of his own knuckles felt so good.

He teetered with the force of it, nearly joining Riq on the ground who now lay sprawled and sputtering in shock.

"Maybe—maybe you didn't hear me the first time." After righting himself, Rick stalked closer, each step making Riq scurry back.

"How the hell did you—"

"I told you not to touch him." Adrenaline and blood loss had Rick's head spinning and darkness closing in on the fringes of his eyesight. He stumbled to the side, leaning on the bed for support, then blinked like an owl to get his vision back in focus. When his eyes settled on Riq again, his look of dismay had morphed into glee.

"Feeling a little lightheaded, hm?" One hand braced on the ground, Riq crouched, the muscles of his thighs coiled and ready to spring. "Don't let me down, X-Rick. I've been wanting the chance to take care of you myself for a long time now." His dick swung lewdly beneath him, Mouse's slick drying along its length.

"Trust me, the feeling's mutual." Rick's upper lip curled, transforming his smirk into a predatory warning.

Riq returned it with an equally toothy grin, two beasts facing off in a territorial duel. Then with an inhuman bellow, Riq lunged forward and grappled Rick around the middle. The two stumbled back, Rick smacking his head against the marble floor. He barely had enough time to get his bearings before Riq yanked him up by his jumpsuit in his fists.

Quickly wrapping his hands around his wrists, Rick heaved them both to the side, and they rolled across the floor in a tangle of flailing limbs. Riq had devolved into a snarling, clawing creature, and Rick was reminded once again that he was wrestling with a madman. He got in one good kick to Riq's gut before finally gaining the upper hand and pinning him with an arm across his throat.

"You're going to pay for what you did! To Mouse! To my brothers! To everyone!" Rick had just straddled Riq's stomach, readying his fist to deliver another blow, when a wave of vertigo plowed through him. His cheeks flashed hot then cold, and he felt like his head had been emptied, everything around him suddenly going distant. It was the anemia. His fist dropped like a stone to his side as he wavered drunkenly, and he felt himself slide off of Riq and onto the floor.

While he lay braced on his shaky arms, barely hanging onto consciousness, Riq scrambled to a crouch again. "Mother...fucker!" When he spoke it sounded hollow and muffled to his own ears. Rick could see the bastard's lips moving but couldn't make sense of the words. He must've said as much, because Riq spat on him then grabbed his discarded gold sash from off the floor.

"Won't you ever just fucking shut up?!" he seethed, snapping the cloth taut before tackling Rick again to wrap it around his neck. Rick tried to grasp at the sash to pry it off, but he couldn't seem to get a grip. Riq pulled down with his full weight, just beginning to squeeze Rick's larynx, when the frictionless silk unraveled and slipped free of his hands, causing him to fall forward and bash his forehead against Rick's.

Dizzy, the two old men clutched at each other about their heaving shoulders, swapping feeble punches as they struggled to regain their stamina. At last, Rick lost his grip and fell onto his back. Spots still obscured Rick's vision as he stared up at the ceiling, catching Riq getting to his feet from the corner of his eye. Riq swung his leg back and sent a mean kick straight into Rick's ribs. Regret and déjà vu blossomed through him along with the pain, and he curled onto his side to hack.

"I'm going to break you. I'm going to break every damn bone in your body!" Another well-aimed kick echoed Riq's promise. "And then I'm gonna burn you alive and piss on the ashes!"

Abruptly, Rick felt the ground fall away from him as he was yanked up by the collar. He opened one bleary eye to see Riq glaring into his face. Blood dripped from his nose. Nice. At least you got in that one good punch, Ricky-boy.

"And no one will even care that you're gone!" Riq reared back, fist raised in the air—

And then nothing.

The moment Riq's grasp went slack on his jumpsuit, Rick shoved him away and dropped to his hands and knees. Sweat dripped down his forehead as he peeked an eye open to see Riq stumbling back, hand to his head. He curled over like a dozen sandbags had been heaped onto his shoulders, knees wobbly with the effort just to remain standing.

In a heartbeat, Riq had gone from wild animal to cowering child, and the change was so jarring, Rick blinked in surprise. There was something eerily familiar about the look of terror that warped every facet of his expression—his face was crestfallen; his back hunched like a whipped dog. Rick had felt the same absolute terror grip himself back in the Eun-Ricks' tea room, his psyche shattered to pieces and tormented by his own fears.

A Mind Break.

"No. Why... Why would you—" Riq whimpered before he was suddenly seized in a full-body convulsion. His arms locked to his sides, and he fell to his knees like he'd been wrapped in an anaconda's deadly embrace. His eyes, wide and pleading, were fixed on something over Rick's shoulder.

Rick, it's okay now.

It was Mouse. Even though he was too weak to turn his head, Rick could feel him just behind him all the same—a soothing presence that seemed to make the very air hum with energy.

You've done enough.

The hem of Mouse's robe gently brushed his cheek as he passed. Silent on his bare feet, Mouse towered above Rick, regal and majestic in his gold-trimmed robe, his mohawk standing tall and trembling with an electric charge.

An immeasurable calm and sense of control radiated from him like heat from a fire—a source of as much solace as destruction. Although he knew the boy and loved him with all his being, Rick still felt the compulsion to confess his deepest fears to him and beg for his forgiveness.

Now rest, the message chimed soothingly inside his head.

God, did Rick want to rest. Everything was spinning, spinning like the pink petals he was hallucinating around Mouse now. He felt like he could close his eyes and sleep for ten years straight. Another ten years as empty and dreary as the years he'd spent in prison, before he was anything more than an X-Rick on the sole of the multiverse's shoe. Before the Citadel, before any of this, before Mouse.

Just as his eyes began to flutter shut, an alien scenery appeared before him. Gently rolling hills topped with white. Snowflakes made of ice-cream falling from the sky. Mouse was standing beside him as they looked out across the landscape, his eyes happy crescent moons while he squeezed his hand. He smiled back at him.

That's right, Mouse. It can be like that.

Mouse was now standing before Riq who lay pinned to the marble floor by some invisible force.

I can show you everything.

Yes, there was so much more to see. They'd come too far, survived too much to give up now.

The thought roused a bluster of energy within Rick, and he blinked himself to full consciousness again. He couldn't miss this. He wouldn't leave Mouse to deal with Riq on his own.

Hauling himself up, he reached out and placed a trembling hand on Mouse's shoulder. He leaned forward heavily, the hair on his fingers quivering in the tense air.

"You've got this, Mouse," he husked. "Rip him limb from limb."

Harry Herpson High School, a hotbed of hormones, hyperactivity and high driven emotions. Basically: a location where people get dumber as they learn. Our story starts with Summer Smith, a ginger-haired tall girl with B-Cup breasts under a pink tank-top, white Capri trousers and black shoes with a blue satchel.

She was walking around, looking awkward

There was this girl, called "Jasmine Griffin" and she was quite literally a supermodel; platinum blonde hair, jade green eyes, D-Cup breasts and a C-Shape ass. She made almost every girl feel uncomfortable, but she made Summer feel more awkward due to the vast difference in their appearance and genetics.

The girl seemed fucking perfect!

Added to the fact, she came from money; she was a new money heiress. Summer didn't want to get in her way since she had a rumour circulation of making and breaking people's social lives.

Unfortunately?

...

Summer bumped into said girl suddenly

"Oomph! S-Sorry. I-I wasn't-" Summer apologised as she saw Jasmine who was glaring at her.

""Sorry"? "Sorry"? Oh, Sally..." Jasmine spoke in a growing anger as she was talking to one of her many acquaintances. "You've made a SEVERE mistake..."

"I... I said I was sorry, I couldn't see around the corner!" Summer said quickly

"Well..." Jasmine frowned as she started to tap on her phone and started to talk to her acquaintances. "You all...Know...Sally Smith..." She insulted by not remembering Summer's real name.

"No, please, no. It was an accident; PLEASE!" Summer begged.

"Sorry, Sal...You're blacklisted." Jasmine answered finishing up on her phone, which made other people's phones ping and even Summer's.

On the screens was: Summer Smith, unfriended. And on Summer's "Blacklisted".

"Don't...Fuck...With me." Jasmine warned

"I... I didn't." She whispered as Jasmine and others walked away

Summer's social life was now down the crapper. She neither had no-one left on a friend's list, nor would her in school friends help her.

It was a rough four hours for Summer, no-one came to comfort her, it was hell for an 18-year-old girl, and it was even worse since she had nothing in an instant.

Summer ran back home crying, she slammed the doors behind her and ran into her room.

"Hey Summer? You mind crying somewhere else with your stupid female problems." Her grandpa Rick asked, mixing some sort of potion in her room

Summer just cried and sobbed into her pillows. "G-Grandpa...Rick...I...My life is ruined!" She responded "WHY are you doing this in my room?"

"Because your fucktard father kicked me out of the garage because he wanted to fix his dumbass car all by himself." Rick shrugged "Seriously. I'd fix it in seconds and it'd be able to fly."

"Damn it, dad..." She cried.

Not long after Morty came in with a tray with two glasses of lemonade and a pitcher of whisky. Morty had short brown hair and a thin build; he had a yellow shirt, blue trousers and white shoes. "Okay, Rick. I got your...Oh, sorry Summer. I didn't know you came in."

"GOD!" Summer ran out of her room and ran into the bathroom

"What's wrong with her?" Morty asked

"I dunno. Came in here bawling about shit." Rick answered

"Oh jeez..." Morty frowned as he put the tray down and went to Summer.

"Summer?" He called, knocking the door

Inside he heard the shower running. "Summer, I'm coming in." He tried to open the door but it was locked.

"Summer!" He called in worry

She didn't answer.

"SHIT!" Morty began to bang the door with his shoulder. "Summer!"

"Morty, what the hell? Tryin' to work here." Rick shouted "Hey!" He snapped as Morty stole his gun and shot the lock.

The door opened, revealing what was inside

Morty ran in and just saw Summer shivering in the corner of the bath-shower, holding her wrist.

"Jesus Christ! Summer!" Morty ran to her. "What's with you?!"

"Just leave me alone! My life is ruined!" Summer cried as the water cascaded down her face.

"Oh jeez..." Rick whispered with a roll of his eyes.

"What happened?" Morty asked, trying to calm everything down.

"Jasmine had the entire school turn against me!" She cried

"Wow, real end of the world shit." Rick scoffed

"Rick!" Morty snapped

"See Morty; THIS is why school, is a waste of time. Psychopaths, sociopaths, hormonally unstable environment; a breeding ground for serial killers, suicides and politicians." Rick answered

"RICK!" Morty snapped as he held his sister.

"A'right, a'right..." Rick sighed and left.

Morty sighed, holding his sister close

*Time Skip*

Summer was now downstairs and watching TV, hoping that it'd help. But unfortunately it wasn't, Morty was keeping her within eye distance to make sure that his sister didn't do anything dangerous.

"What on earth, happened?" Beth, Morty and Summer's mother asked as she got in from work.

"Su-*belch*-mmer's suicidal." Rick answered blatently

"WHAT?!"

"What? You asked what happened; I ans-*belch*-wered." Rick responded

"Dad..." Beth groaned and Morty looking at his grandfather with a disapproving look

"Oh fine." Rick sighed. "She came into the house, crying her eyes out and said that her life was ruined."

"Why were you in my daughter's room?" Beth asked

"Cause JERRY here kicked me outta the garage." Rick answered, glaring at said person.

"Hey don't twist this on me. I was fixing the car." Jerry answered

"No, you broke it worse!" Rick countered "We all heard the explosion Jerry! Two seconds, all I needed! YOU had to fucking up! Heck, you didn't even call a useless fucking mechanic!"

As the two argued Summer just retreated into herself, still "watching" TV. With Beth trying to calm the situation down.

"Oh...SHUT UP!" Morty slammed his hands.

The three of them stopped and blinked at him.

"Da...mn Mor-*belch*-rty." Rick belched

"Summer is traumatised, she needs help! Cause THIS? This is bullshit!" Morty snapped

"Her worrying is bullshit. She's not popular? So the fuuuuuu *belch* uuuuck what?"

"Rick, Summer's always tried to be popular. It's important to her." Morty answered "R-Remember when you were Tiny Rick? And YOU were popular?"

"Yea, and it was fucking bullshit." Rick scoffed

"Hmm...!" Morty grumbled.

"Dad...Maybe we should talk to her. And Jerry, let dad fix the car..." Beth sighed

"Fine." The two mumbled

In the other room, Summer was just looking at one of the various channels that their cable box could pick up. She wasn't paying attention to that, but more to her brother trying to help her.

Until she found a specific channel

"Today on "Live of the Children of the Rich and Famous", we're going to Harry Herpson High School where we're looking into the daily life of Summer Smith, daughter of famous actor Jerry Smith and world renowned surgeon Beth Smith." The Narrator spoke

"W-wait what?" Summer blinked seeing this

It showed her having dyed streaks in her hair, a surgically bigger chest and ass, fancy clothes and a menagerie of acquaintances. "Yeah it's hard being popular; I mean: EVERYONE looking up to you for the latest trends, knowing who and what's cool...It's a job I have to do." She sighed dramatically

Summer looked at her doppelganger in shock and continued watching.

"How do you keep this up? What's your secret?" The Narrator asked

"A queen never tells." She winked and swayed her hips seductively.

"I...I can't believe it." Summer whispered, engrossed in the show.

"As we follow Ms Smith, let's see how she maintains her popularity." The Narrator spoke

The camera crew continued to film and Summer continued to watch...Until she saw herself bully and berate a girl who was her friend in this dimension. "You stupid skank! I said organic milk from a Tibetan cow. This is from a Jersey cow!"

"I-I'm sorry!" the girl apologised

"Really? You think this' enough?" The Summer on TV responded like Jasmine from earlier.

"Oh god!" Summer in the current reality flinched as she saw her double, pour the milk on the girl's head and smush the carton on her head.

"OOH! I guess that's what you get when you get in the way of Summer Smith." The Narrator answered

"See, this is what I mean: there're people who know their place and then there's who you have to put INTO place." Summer's double spoke in a "confession booth" scene.

"See what I mean Summer?" Rick said, the family having yet to do what Beth said when the show turned on "Popularity is just bringing out your worst to make other people feel worse and make you feel better. It's bullshit about people being a bigger bitch than everyone else."

"Then...Then I've been chasing a lie..." Summer whimpered

"Basically." Rick took a drink from his hip-flask.

"Dad!" Beth snapped

"What? Look at the list: Supermodels, movie stars, the Kardashians. Once they get the smell of popularity, latches o-*belch*-nto it like a lamprey. And they do all that to keep the money and fame on them." Rick answered. "Besides, she needs this breakthrough before she goes through life with that delusion."

"So...What do I do now?" Summer asked, feeling like she's wasted her life.

"Want my opinion? Drop out of school. Get yourself outta that brain-deathtrap and live." Rick answered

"Dad!" Beth snapped again

"Seriously? You asked, I answered. What I'm not supposed to give my opinion now?" Rick asked

He threw his arms up with a huff, walking off as he chugged from his flask

Summer frowned and sighed.

"I'm sorry about my dad, sweet-heart." Beth apologised.

"It's fine mum."

"Summer...You feelin' okay?" Morty asked

"Yeah...I...I feel a bit better now, Morty...Thanks for earlier." She answered

Before she got up and walked away, following Rick

"I-" Jerry tried to speak

"No...Don't Jerry." Beth stopped him

"Hmm..." He frowned

Beth arrived in the garage where Rick was finishing up fixing the car and getting to work on his spaceship.

"There." He shrugged

"Now to fix that damn gear clog in the ship." He grumbled

"...Grandpa Rick?" Summer asked causing Rick to hit his head on the hood of his car.

"GAH-OW! Damn it!" Rick snapped

"What the hell do you want, Summer?"

"I...I just wanted to talk. You...You were right..." Summer answered

"Of course I was. I'm a genius." He said simply

"Maybe...Next time you and Morty...Go on an adventure...?" Summer asked kindly and awkwardly.

"Spit it out, Summer." Rick snapped lightly

"I want to go with you on your adventures." Summer answered clearly.

"Yea. Fine. Whatever." He shrugged

"Really?" Summer's eyes lightened slightly

"Yeah. Huh?" Rick shrugged it off and then wondered as he felt Summer hugging him.

"Thanks, Grandpa Rick." Summer answered

"Yea, whatever." He scoffed

*Time Skip*

The three were off on some alien world

"You're kinda quiet, Summer. Lost your tongue?" Rick asked

"No, just...I didn't want to "geek out" over being in space. Though...I AM excited." Summer answered

Rick just rolled his eyes, the three continuing their work

"Awe...SHIIIT!" Rick smiled seeing an abandoned space ship. "Jackpot!"

"What is it? Whoa..." Morty commented

"What's that?" Summer asked

"It's a transport-medical ship. GOTTA be loaded with hot shit." Rick explained as they went into the interior docking-area of the ship.

"We're just gonna steal from an intergalactic ambulance?" Morty asked

"Morty, look around. It's abandoned. It's not stealing it's scavenging." Rick answered

"It still seems bad Rick."

"Morty, think about this: if you were in a dire situation and the ONLY way was to get medicine from an abandoned ambulance; WOULD you take the medicine?" Rick asked as Summer looked out to an empty corridor.

"But this is different from that!"

"Um...Guys...?" Summer tried to get their attention but their arguing was blocking her out. "I'll...just...Scout ahead."

She sighed, walking away

'Does this family know ONLY arguing?' She thought sadly as she looked through the ship's corridors. "Big ship...Just wish I could understand the language of these signs."

She entered what looked like a blank white hospital room

"Wow...This is cool." Summer blinked looking around the ship.

Small lights were bleeping faintly as they whirred alive and the cameras scanning the room.

And they all targeted Summer

"Wh-what's going on?" Summer wondered as she saw the lights flicker and the door close. "Grandpa Rick! Morty!"

"Preparing room." An artificial voice spoke as it sterilised the room and subsequently knocked Summer out with the same gas.

*time skip*

Rick and Morty were looking through the spaceship; Rick was looking for some valuable items or anything that he could use for future use. Morty, on the other hand, was looking for Summer, it was about an hour since she went missing and he was worried. He was looking after her the other day and now he got caught up in a morality argument with his grandfather about taking stuff from abandoned ships.

He was searching through various rooms looking for her. But not succeeding, he was getting anxious to find her.

While Morty was looking for her, Summer was incapacitated on a surgical table with alien figures wearing doctor scrubs working on her, speaking in English since it was the easiest language to understand.

"Gene-Scalpel." The head doctor ordered and was given a scalpel-like device. "Bio-Enhancements: here, here and here." And the doctor pointed to different parts of Summer's body.

"Poor girl, so much potential locked away...and cursed with malicious and detrimental genetics." A nurse spoke as it wiped away sweat from the head doctor's head

"She'll be...The perfect genetically-enhanced woman...The last bio-enhancement." The doctor spoke kindly.

"Yes, doctor." The second nurse answered and infused a blood red liquid into Summer.

"Perfect. Now to seal her up." The head doctor spoke as they brought down a strange thread and needle-like machine and sewed Summer up.

The doctors saw the incisions on Summer's body disappear along with any scars that may have appeared. She looked as normal as before but with new biological enhancements that made her special. "Prep her for release, she's on her own now." The doctor ordered; the nurses redressing Summer in her clothes.

Outside, Morty was slowly but fast approaching the room Summer was in. "H-hey Morty! I've got some GREAT shit back at the spaceship." Rick spoke as he came from the opposite end of the corridor.

"R-Rick...I've...I-I've been looking for Summer...What're you talking about?" Morty asked

"This is a "Meep-Blops" ship, Morty! This ship ITSELF is worth taking!" Rick laughed heartily...with a slight drunken tone.

"A... What?"

"The Meep-Blops, Morty!" Rick answered enthusiastically. "Genetic scientists that can make ANY species better! They can clone and fix fucked up limbs, organs, PEOPLE! They were culled from the universe since they threatened the Universal Doctor's Association's power! Myth has it that they put their evolving and adapting knowledge and consciousness' into several ships and sent them off when their bodies died!"

"Rick, are you drunk?" Morty flinched

"Err'day Morty. But I'm SERIOUS!" Rick answered

That was when Summer stumbled towards them

"Urgh..." Summer groaned

"Summer! I gotcha!" Morty caught her from almost falling.

"M-Morty...?" She groaned as she fell unconscious.

"Rick, we've got to get her back to the ship!" Morty spoke

"Why? I found the control room. We can take this puppy back to Earth!" Rick smiled

"... But what about your ship?" Morty asked after a second

"It's in the docking area, M-*belch*-orty. Where the ship goes, IT goes." Rick rolled his eyes

*Time Skip*

The ship soon landed in front of the family home, the two walking out of the ship with Morty holding Summer

"Come on...Let's get you to bed" Morty spoke as he helped Summer to her room.

"Ooh-hoo...Boy...Time ta make this baby purr." Rick smirked

"What's going on?" Jerry asked as he walked out of the house

"Nothing, Jerry. Just came back with a souvenir." Rick lied. "And Summer's just a little sleepy."

"Oh reeeeeeeally." Jerry frowned

"Yeah, really. Tell 'im, M-*belch*-orty." Rick belched drunkenly

"Well son?" Jerry asked

"...Yeah, well...It was a long trip. It took a lot outta Summer." Morty lied. "I'm gonna put her in her bed to sleep it off. See ya!"

"I...Okay son...Sheesh." Jerry answered. "Rick, one other thing."

"Yeah, what is it?" Rick asked

"Why does the car have a purple battery where the regular battery should be?" Jerry asked

*With Morty*

Morty sighed, carefully putting his sister onto her bed

"I'm sorry sis...I was caught up in a stupid argument..." Morty whispered and sighed. "I'll try and be better. Promise." And he left, leaving her on her own.

Summer rolled over in her bed, her body changing...

*Time skip*

It was the next morning and Summer felt better than she had in the last few days. She stretched out as she got up from her bed slowly and wanted to walk to the bathroom. But her centre of gravity was a bit off; making her stumble slightly, but she thought 'Must've slept heavily...' She headed to the bathroom and flicked on the lights to see herself in the bathroom mirror.

She rubbed her eyes and looked in shock, her body had changed: Her breasts had become DD-Cup; her body had become: slim, toned and muscular to compensate for her body, her ass had become a firm and supple heart-shape. She looked at herself long and hard in the mirror and covered her mouth, screaming silently.

'What the hell happened to me?!'

She looked down and groped her breasts, trying to discern if this was real or not...They were. They were soft, supple and magnificent. "Oh god!" She whispered in shock

And then she DID scream

Beth, Jerry and Morty ran to Summer, hoping that she was okay. Rick didn't hear it as he was sleeping in the garage.

"Summer! Summer, honey; are you o-WHOA!" Beth ran in and saw her daughter

"S... Summer?!" Morty squeaked

"What...The fuck...Happened?!" Jerry gasped seeing his daughter like this.

"I...I don't...I don't know!" Summer shivered in place.

"Oh fuck!" Beth yelled in worry

"Morty, what the hell happened to Summer?" Jerry turned to his son.

"I-I don't know!" Morty answered, his voice stuttering.

"I don't know!" He repeated at his father's look

"...Rick. This has GOT to be his work!" Jerry jumped to conclusions and went to the garage.

"J-Jerry! Damn it." Beth snapped and followed.

"M-Morty..." Summer shook in fear.

"It...It's okay, Summer. Okay?" Morty spoke as he hugged her.

Although big breasts near his face and all

'It's my sister, it's my sister, it's my sister.' He thought, remembering that time he and Rick went inside Mr Goldenfold's mind and saw that he had an attraction to his sister and saw the dark perversion her had for her.

"Th-Thank you Morty..." Summer hugged him

*In the Garage*

"Rick...Rick! Rick, wake up!" Jerry banged on the spaceship's doors

"Jerry, stop. Okay? This isn't helping. It's the middle of the night!" Beth tried to calm him down

"It's half seven. Rick!" Jerry responded

"Urgh...What?" Rick groaned as he fell out of his spaceship. "I meant to do that."

"Rick, WHY does my daughter look like she's a super-model? That just HAPPENED to transform OVERNIGHT?" Jerry demanded

"I don't know what you're talking about Jerry." Rick grumbled

"Dad, what happened yesterday?" Beth asked. "Summer's turned into...well, a supermodel."

"What? Really? God damn..." Rick groaned and belched.

"Rick. Answers. Now!" Jerry ordered.

"A'right, a'right...F-*belch*-family conference...Living room." Rick groaned

*time skip*

"And that's it. The Meep-Blops' technology has genetically unlocked and enhanced Summer to her full potential by "Darwinning" her genetics." Rick ended as he explained the situation.

"I'm sorry... What?" Jerry asked, confused

"Urgh...Brain the size of a fucking quantum atom..." Rick grumbled. "Summer's genetics have had an overhaul by getting rid of all her crappy genes and enhancing her latent ones. In this case: bigger breasts and ass. Aside from that, I don't know until I check the medical records, but those are a more difficult to get into than a Gazorpazorpian Nun's panties."

"Can we fix me?" Summer asked in slight fear

"I 'unno. Maybe, maybe not." Rick answered. "This isn't REALLY my area of expertise."

"But you say you know everything, Rick." Morty pointed out

"Yeah everything that is said to EXIST! The Meep-Blops have been myth for the past hundred years M-*belch*-orty. Any mention of them has been flat-out squashed by the Galactic Federation and the Universal Doctor's Association." Rick explained. "Look, I'll have a go trying to get Summer's medical records from the ship, and try and fix her. Alright?"

Beth nodded with a frown

"So...What...What do I do now?" Summer asked

"Now? Get some new clothes, people'll be calling you a skank or-or-or...Slut with too small clothes." Rick answered almost drunkenly, as he went to get Summer's medical records.

He walked off, leaving the family

"Well...I...Guess we'll have to get you some new clothes, Summer." Jerry spoke

"But I can't afford any new stuff. I'm saving it for college." Summer answered

"We'll pay for it, don't worry." Beth smiled

"Summer...I'll go help, Rick. I...I'll help find some stuff to help." Morty spoke

Summer nodded with a smile

"Atta boy, son." Jerry sighed. "I'll...get changed so we can head out." Jerry sighed

Summer nodded nervously

"It'll be alright...Okay?" Beth stroked her daughter's head.

"Okay...Thanks." Summer nodded. 'I guess...this is me for now...' She thought